- 3 -
 
FIFTH.
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
SIXTH.
The following provisions are included for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the
Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its Board of Directors and
stockholders:
1.
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors
of the Corporation.
2.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of the
Corporation, subject to any limitation thereof contained in the By-laws. The stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal
the By-laws of the Corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation
required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of lncorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five
percent (75 %) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the By-laws of the
Corporation.
3.
Stockholders of the Corporation may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting.
4.
Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time only by the President, the Chairman of the Board of
Directors (if any) or a majority of the Board of Directors. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters
relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.
5.
The books of the Corporation may be kept at such place within or without the State of Delaware as the By-laws
of the Corporation may provide or as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
SEVENTH.
No director (including any advisory director) of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or
its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director notwithstanding any provision of law imposing such liability;
provided, however, that, to the extent provided by applicable law, this provision shall not eliminate the liability of a director (i) for any breach
of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. or (iv) for any
transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have
any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such
amendment or repeal.
 
 
