 
 
SEACHANGE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
1.
Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation
SeaChange International, Inc. (“we” or the “Company”), was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on July 9, 1993. We are an industry leader in the
delivery of multiscreen, advertising and premium over-the-top (“OTT”) video management solutions.  Our software products and services are designed to empower video
providers to create, manage and monetize the increasingly personalized, highly engaging experiences that viewers demand.
Liquidity
In the first half of fiscal 2021, we reduced our headcount across all departments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 we
transferred our technical support services to our Poland location in an effort to further reduce cost. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we entered into a Sublease
Termination Agreement (the “Termination Agreement”) which terminated the office sublease for our former headquarters in Waltham, Massachusetts, effective March
21, 2021. Additionally, in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we issued and sold 10,323,484 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, at a public offering price of
$1.85 per share (the “Offering”). The Offering resulted in approximately $17.5 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions of 6.5%, or $0.12025
per share of common stock, and offering expenses of approximately $0.2 million. In addition to the Offering, the Company also granted the underwriters a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional 1,548,522 shares at a purchase price of $1.85 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions (the “Underwriter Option”). The
Underwriter Option was not exercised and has expired. These measures are important steps in restoring us to profitability and positive cash flow. We believe that existing
cash and cash equivalents and cash expected to be provided by future operating results will be adequate to satisfy our working capital, capital expenditure requirements
and other contractual obligations for at least the next 12 months.
If our expectations are incorrect, we may need to raise additional funds to fund our operations or take advantage of unanticipated strategic opportunities in order to
strengthen our financial position. In the future, we may enter into other arrangements for potential investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, services
or technologies, which could require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may
not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, to develop new products or to otherwise respond to competitive pressures.
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic
In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, concerns related to the spread of COVID-19 began to create global business disruptions as well as disruptions in our operations and to
create potential negative impacts on our revenues and other financial results. COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020.
The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our financial condition or results of operations is currently uncertain and depends on factors including the impact on our
customers, partners, and vendors and on the operation of the global markets in general. Due to our business model, the effect of COVID-19 on our results of operations
may also not be fully reflected for some time.
We are currently conducting business with substantial modifications to employee travel, employee work locations, virtualization or cancellation of customer and
employee events, and remote sales, implementation, and support activities, among other modifications. These decisions may delay or reduce sales and harm productivity
and collaboration. We have observed other companies and governments making similar alterations to their normal business operations, and in general, the markets are
experiencing a significant level of uncertainty at the current time. Virtualization of our team’s sales activities could foreclose future business opportunities, particularly as
our customers limit spending, which could negatively impact the willingness of our customers to enter into or renew contracts with us. The pandemic has impacted our
ability to complete certain implementations, negatively impacting our ability to recognize revenue, and could also negatively impact the payment of accounts receivable
and collections. We continue to realize our on-going cost optimization efforts in response to the impact of the pandemic. We may take further actions that alter our
business operations as the situation evolves. As a result, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the operational alterations we have made in
response on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and financial results cannot be predicted at this time.
On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the “Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the “CARES) Act”).  The CARES Act, among other
things, includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of employer side social security payments, net operating loss carryback periods, alternative
minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement
property.  We continue to examine the impact that the CARES Act may have on our business, including the extent of our Paycheck Protection Program (the “PPP”) loan
forgiveness eligibility.
6
