- 2 -
 
2.
Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from funds lawfully available therefor as and
when determined by the Board of Directors and subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock.
3.
Dissolution, Liquidation or Winding Up. In the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, each issued and outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to receive
an equal portion of the net assets of the Corporation available for distribution to the holders of Common Stock, subject to any preferential
rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock.
4.
Voting Right. Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each holder
of Common Stock shall have one vote in respect of each share of stock held of record by such holder on the books of the Corporation for the
election of directors and on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation Except as otherwise required by law or provided
herein, holders of Common Stock shall vote together with holders of the Preferred Stock as a single class, subject to any special or preferential
voting rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock. There shall be no cumulative voting.
B.
PREFERBED STOCK
The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series at such time or times and for such consideration or considerations as the
Board of Directors of the Corporation may determine. Each series shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of
all other series and classes.  Except as otherwise provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, different series of
Preferred Stock shall not be construed to constitute different classes of shares for the purpose of voting by classes.
The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the undesignated Preferred Stock in
one or more series. each with such designations, preferences, voting powers (or special, preferential or no voting powers), relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and privileges and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as shall be stated in the
resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors to create such series, and a certificate of said resolution or resolutions (a “Certificate
of Designation”) shall be filed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The authority of the Board of
Directors with respect to each such series shall include, without limitation of the foregoing, the right to provide that the shares of each such
series may be: (i) subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or prices; (ii) entitled to receive dividends (which may be
cumulative or noncumulative) at such rates, on such conditions, and at such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the
dividends payable on any other class or classes or any other series; (iii) entitled to such rights upon the dissolution of, or upon any distribution
of the assets of, the Corporation; (iv) convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes of stock, or of any other series of
the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments,
if any; (v) entitled to the benefit of such limitations, if any, on the issuance of additional shares of such series or shares of any other series of
Preferred Stock; or (vi) entitled to such other preferences, powers, qualifications, rights and privileges, all as the Board of Directors may deem
advisable and as are not inconsistent with law and the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
 
