 
period of benefit in a manner that is consistent with the transfer of the related goods or services to which the asset relates. The judgments made in determining the amount
of costs incurred include whether the commissions are in fact incremental and would not have occurred absent the customer contract and the estimate of the amortization
period. The commissions and Spiffs related to professional services are amortized over time as work is completed. The commissions and Spiffs for hardware and software
maintenance are amortized over the life of the contract. These costs are periodically reviewed for impairment. We determined that no impairment of these assets existed as
of April 30, 2021 or January 31, 2021. We have elected to apply the practical expedient and recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when
incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. Total deferred capitalized commission costs were $504
thousand as of April 30, 2021 compared to $553 thousand as of January 31, 2021. Current deferred capitalized commission costs are included in prepaid expense and
other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets and non-current deferred capitalized commission costs are included in other assets in our consolidated balance
sheets. Capitalized commissions expensed during the three months ended April 30, 2021 and 2020 included in the consolidated statement of operations and
comprehensive loss were $49 thousand and $135 thousand, respectively.
Leases
We account for our leases in accordance with ASC 842, Leases. A contract is accounted for as a lease when we have the right to control the asset for a period of time while
obtaining substantially all of the asset’s economic benefits. We determine if an arrangement is a lease or contains an embedded lease at inception. For arrangements that
meet the definition of a lease, we determine the initial classification and measurement of our right-of-use operating lease asset and corresponding liability at the lease
commencement date. We determine the classification and measurement of a modified lease at the date it is modified. The lease term includes only renewal options that are
reasonably assured to exercise. The present value of lease payments is typically determined by using the Company’s estimated secured incremental borrowing rate for the
associated lease term as interest rates implicit in the leases are not normally readily determinable. Management’s policy is to utilize the practical expedient to not record
leases with an original term of twelve months or less on our consolidated balance sheets. Lease payments are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Our existing leases are for facilities and equipment. None of our leases are with related parties. In addition to rent, office leases may require us to pay additional amounts
for taxes, insurance, maintenance and other expenses, which are generally referred to as non-lease components. As a practical expedient, we account for the non-lease
components together with the lease components as a single lease component for all of our leases. Only the fixed costs for leases are accounted for as a single lease
component and recognized as part of a right-of-use asset and liability.
Net Loss Per Share
Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of unrestricted common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss
per share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number of unrestricted common shares outstanding during the period and the weighted
average number of potential common shares from the assumed exercise of stock options and the vesting of shares of restricted and deferred common stock units using the
“treasury stock” method when the effect is not anti-dilutive. In periods in which we report a net loss, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share.
The number of common shares used in the computation of diluted net loss per share for the periods presented does not include the effect of the following potentially
outstanding common shares because the effect would have been anti-dilutive:
 
 
 
For the Three Months
Ended April 30,
 
 
 
2021
  
2020
 
 
 
(Amounts in thousands)
 
Stock options
 
 
1,897   
 
766  
Restricted stock units
 
 
135   
 
58  
Deferred stock units
 
 
41   
 
81  
 
 
 
2,073   
 
905
 
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740),
which simplifies the accounting for income taxes and removes certain exceptions and improves consistent application of accounting principles for certain areas in Topic
740. ASU 2019-12 was effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and did not have an effect on our consolidated financial statements.
12
