- 6 -
 
assumption of the defense thereof shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of counsel by the Indemnitee has been
authorized by the Corporation, {ii) counsel to the Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest or
position on any significant issue between the Corporation and the Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of such action or (iii) the
Corporation shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of
counsel for the Indemnitee shall be at the expense of the Corporation, except as otherwise expressly provided by this Article. The Corporation
shall not be entitled, without the consent of the Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any chum brought by or in the right of the Corporation or
as to which counsel for the Indemnitee shall have reasonably made the conclusion provided for in clause (ii) above.
5.
Advance of Expenses. Subject to the provisions of Section 6 below, in the event that the Corporation does not assume the
defense pursuant to Section 4 of this Article of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the Corporation receives notice under this
Article, any expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an Indemnitee in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, proceeding or
investigation or any appeal therefrom shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such matter, provided, however,
that the payment of such expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in advance of the final disposition of such matter shall be made only upon receipt
of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay all amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that the
indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article. Such undertaking may be accepted without
reference to the financial ability of such person to make such repayment.
6.
Procedure for lndemnification. In order to obtain indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 1, 2, 3
or 5 of this Article, the Indemnitee shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including in such request such documentation and
information as is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the lndemnitee is
entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses. Any such indemnification or advancement of expenses shall be made promptly, and in
any event within 60 days after receipt by the Corporation of the written request of the Indemnitee, unless with respect to requests under Section
1, 2 or 5 the Corporation determines, by clear and convincing evidence, within such 60-day period that the Indemnitee did not meet the
applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or 2, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made in each instance by (a) a
majority vote of the directors of the Corporation who are not at that time parties to the action, suit or proceeding in question ("disinterested
directors"), even though less than a quorum, (b) if there are no such disinterested directors, or if such disinterested directors so direct. by
independent legal counsel (who may be regular legal counsel to the corporation) in a written opinion, (c) a majority vote of a quorum of the
outstanding shares of stock of all classes entitled to vote for directors, voting as a single class, which quorum shall consist of stockholders who
are not at that time parties to the action, suit or proceeding in question, or (d) a court of competent jurisdiction.
7.
Remedies. The right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article shall be enforceable by the Indemnitee in
any court of competent jurisdiction if the Corporation denies such request, in whole or in part. or if no disposition thereof is made within the
60-day period referred to above in Section 6. Unless otherwise provided by law, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation to have made
a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the
 
