 
 
 
Future estimated amortization expense of intangibles as of April 30, 2021 was $953 thousand to be recognized in fiscal 2022.
 
6.
Commitments and Contingencies
Litigation
Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only be resolved
when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. We assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing
loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against us, or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, we evaluate the perceived merits of
any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 
If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in our consolidated financial statements. If our assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is
reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and
material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed, unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be
disclosed.
Indemnification and Warranties
We provide indemnification, to the extent permitted by law, to our officers, directors, employees and agents for liabilities arising from certain events or occurrences while
the officer, director, employee or agent is, or was, serving at our request in such capacity. With respect to acquisitions, we provide indemnification to, or assume
indemnification obligations for, the current and former directors, officers and employees of the acquired companies in accordance with the acquired companies’
governing documents. As a matter of practice, we have maintained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance including coverage for directors and officers of acquired
companies.
We enter into agreements in the ordinary course of business with customers, resellers, distributors, integrators and suppliers. Most of our historical agreements require us
to defend and/or indemnify the other party against intellectual property infringement claims brought by a third-party with respect to our products. From time to time, we
also indemnify customers and business partners for damages, losses and liabilities they may suffer or incur relating to personal injury, personal property damage, product
liability, and environmental claims relating to the use of our products and services or resulting from the acts or omissions of us, our employees, authorized agents or
subcontractors. From time to time, we have received requests from customers for indemnification of patent litigation claims. Management cannot reasonably estimate any
potential losses, but these claims could result in material liability for us. There are no current pending legal proceedings, in the opinion of management that would have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, results from operations and cash flows. There is no assurance that future legal proceedings arising from ordinary course
of business or otherwise, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results from operations or cash flows.
We warrant that our products, including software products, will substantially perform in accordance with our standard published specifications in effect at the time of
delivery. In addition, we provide maintenance support to our customers and therefore allocate a portion of the product purchase price to the initial warranty period and
recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over that warranty period related to both the warranty obligation and the maintenance support agreement. When we receive
revenue for extended warranties beyond the standard duration, it is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period. Related costs are expensed as
incurred.
 
7.
Operating Leases
The Company has operating leases for facilities and equipment expiring at various dates through 2025. 
 
The components of lease expense are as follows:
 
 
 
For the Three Months Ended April 30,
 
 
 
2021
  
2020
 
 
 
(Amounts in thousands)
 
Operating lease cost
 $
283   $
322  
Short term lease cost, net
  
5    
31  
Total lease cost
 $
288   $
353
 
15
