- 8 -
 
proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to any actions, transactions or facts occurring prior to the date of such merger or
consolidation.
13.
Sayings Clause. If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent
jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each Indemnitee as to any expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal or administrative,
including an action by or in the right of the Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by an applicable portion of this Article that shall not
have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
14.
Definitions. Terms used herein and defined in Section 145(h) and Section 145(i) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in such Section 145(h) and Section 145(i).
15.
Subsequent Legislation. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is amended after adoption of this
Article to expand further the indemnification permitted to Indemnitees, then the Corporation shall indemnify such persons to the fullest extent
permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended.
TENTH. The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to
this reservation, provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law,
this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or a Certificate of Designation with respect to a series of Preferred Stock, the
affirmative vote of the holders of shares of voting stock of the Corporation representing at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the voting power
of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together
as a single class, shall be required to (i) reduce or eliminate the number of authorized shares of Common Stock or the number of authorized
shares of Preferred Stock set forth in Article FOURTH or (ii) amend or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with, Parts A and B of
Article FOURTH and Articles FIFTH, SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH, NINTH and this Article TENTH of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto signed his name and affirms that the statements made in this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation are true under the penalties of perjury this 8th day of November 1996.
 
/s/ William C. Styslinger, III
William C. Styslinger, III
President
 
 
 
 
