- 5 -
 
Corporation shall not indemnify an Indemnitee seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by the
Indemnitee unless the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
2.
Actions or Suits by or in the Right of the Corporation. The Corporation shall indemnify any Indemnitee who was or is a
party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure
a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was, or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was
serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request of the Corporation. as a director, officer or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with, another
corporation, partnership, joint venture. trust or other enterprise (including any employee benefit plan), or by reason of any action alleged to
have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, except that no indemnification
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless
and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon
application that, despite the adjudication of such liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
entitled to indemnity for such expenses (including attorneys' fees) which the Court of Chancery of Delaware or such other court shall deem
proper.
3.
lndemnification for Expenses of Successful Party. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article, to the extent that
an Indemnitee has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 of this
Article, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, or on appeal from any such action, suit or proceeding, he shall be indemnified
against all expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.  Without
limiting the foregoing, if any action, suit or proceeding is disposed of, on the merits or otherwise (including a disposition without prejudice),
without (i) the disposition being adverse to the Indemnitee, (ii) an adjudication that the Indemnitee was liable to the Corporation, (iii) a plea of
guilty or nolo contender by the Indemnitee, (iv) an adjudication that the Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and (v) with respect to any criminal proceeding, an adjudication that
the Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful, the Indemnitee shall be considered for the purpose hereof to have
been wholly successful with respect thereto.
4.
Notification and Defense of Claim. As a condition precedent to his right to be indemnified, the Indemnitee must notify
the Corporation in writing as soon as practicable of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving him for which indemnity will or
could be sought. With respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the Corporation is so notified, the Corporation will be
entitled to participate therein at its own expense and/or to assume the defense thereof at its own expense, with legal counsel reasonably
acceptable to the lndemnitee. After notice from the Corporation to the Indemnitee of its election so to assume such defense, the Corporation
shall not be liable to the Indemnitee for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the lndemnitee in connection with such claim,
other than as provided below in this Section 4. The Indemnitee shall have the right to employ his own counsel in connection with such claim,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the Corporation of its
 
