 
The Paycheck Protection Program
On May 5, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note (the “Note”) with Silicon Valley Bank (the “Lender”) evidencing an unsecured loan in an aggregate
principal amount of $2,412,890 pursuant to the PPP under the CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”). The Note is included in our
consolidated balance sheets.
Interest accrues on the Note at a fixed rate of one percent (1%) per annum, with the payment of the first ten months of interest and principal deferred, and is included in
accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. The Note has an initial term of two years, is unsecured and is guaranteed by the SBA. The Company applied to the
Lender for forgiveness of the Note in March 2021, with the amount which may be forgiven equal to the sum of qualifying expenses, including payroll costs, covered rent
obligations, and covered utility payments incurred by the Company during the twenty-four week period beginning on May 7, 2020, calculated in accordance with the
terms of the CARES Act, however, we cannot provide assurance that the Note will be forgiven.
Subject to any forgiveness under the PPP, the Note will mature on May 5, 2022. Beginning on the seventeen-month anniversary of the date of the Note, the Company is
required to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest. The Note may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Note
provides for customary events of default including, among others, those relating to breaches of the Company’s obligations under the Note, including a failure to make
payments, any bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, and certain material effects on the Company’s ability to repay the Note. The Note may be
accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default.
Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”). We consolidate the financial statements of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and all intercompany transactions and account balances have been eliminated
in consolidation. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP have been omitted pursuant to applicable rules and regulations. In the opinion of management, all adjustments of a normal recurring nature which were
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The year-end consolidated balance sheet data as of January 31, 2021 was derived from our audited
consolidated financial statements and may not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. The results of operations for the three months ended April 30, 2021 are not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire year. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021.
2.
Significant Accounting Policies
Use of Estimates
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in these
consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, goodwill and intangible assets,
impairment of long-lived assets, accounting for income taxes, the valuation of stock-based awards, and management’s assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as
a going concern. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and other market-specific or relevant factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances.  On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates as there are changes in circumstances, facts and experience. Changes in estimates are recorded
in the period in which they become known.  Actual results may differ from those estimates or assumptions.
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and on deposit and highly liquid investments in money market mutual funds, government sponsored enterprise
obligations, treasury bills, commercial paper and other money market securities with remaining maturities at the date of purchase of 90 days or less. All cash equivalents
are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. Restricted cash represents cash that is restricted as to withdrawal or usage and consists primarily of cash held as
collateral in relation to obligations set forth by our U.S. bank and the landlord of our Poland facility.
7
