 
Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of
consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses
and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management.
There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in our financial statements and the related notes and other
financial information included in our Form 10-K on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to our
unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
 
 
ITEM 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for this reporting period and are not required to
provide the information required under this item.
ITEM 4.
Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as defined in Rules 13a‑15(e) and 15d‑15(e) under the Exchange
Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of April 30, 2021, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of
that date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the three months ended April 30, 2021
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. We have not experienced any material impact to
our internal controls over financial reporting despite the fact that most of our employees are working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are continually
monitoring and assessing the COVID-19 situation on our internal controls to minimize the impact on their design and operating effectiveness.
28
