- 7 -
 
Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Corporation pursuant to Section 6 that the
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not
met the applicable standard of conduct. The Indemnitee's expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with successfully
establishing his right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such proceeding shall also be indemnified by the Corporation.
8.
Subsequent Amendment.  No amendment, termination or repeal of this Article or of the relevant provisions of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any other applicable laws shall affect or diminish in any way the rights of any Indemnitee
to indemnification under the provisions hereof with respect to any action. suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to any
actions, transactions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such amendment, termination or repeal.
9.
Other Rights.  The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which an Indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law (common or
statutory), agreement or vote of stock holders or disinterested directors or otherwise:, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in
any other capacity while holding office for the Corporation, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer,
and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors and administrators of the Indemnitee.
Nothing contained in this Article shall be deemed to prohibit, and the Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into, agreements
with officers and directors providing indemnification rights and procedures different from those set forth in this Article. In addition, the
Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by its Board of Directors, grant indemnification rights to other employees or agents
of the Corporation or other persons serving the Corporation and such rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in this
Article.
10.
Partial Indemnification. If an Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Article to indemnification by the
Corporation for some or a portion of the expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation and any appeal therefrom but not,
however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement to which the Indemnitee is entitled.
11.
lnsurance.• The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any
employee benefit plan) against any expense, liability or loss incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether
or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.
12.
Merger or Consolidation. If the Corporation is merged into or consolidated with another corporation and the
Corporation is not the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation shall assume the obligations of the Corporation under this Article with
respect to any action, suit,
 
