 
not have a history of selling the Framework software on a standalone basis. We recognize the portion of the transaction price allocated to the Framework software on a
residual basis, as we have at least one performance obligation for which the SSP is observable. The Company notes that both hardware and support services represent
observable pricing. The SSP for our legacy software is also recognized on a residual basis, as we have observable SSP for the associated support services sold with the
software license based on historical observable data of selling support contracts on a standalone basis. We may also license our software as a SaaS type license, whereby
our customer only has a right to access the software over a specified time period and the service includes technical support and unspecified upgrades and bug fixes. We
recognize the full value of the contract ratably over the contractual term of the SaaS license.
Our services revenue is comprised of support services, software license implementation services, engineering services, training and reimbursable expenses. We have
concluded that services are distinct performance obligations, with the exception of engineering services. Engineering services may be provided on a standalone basis or
bundled with a license when we are providing custom development.
We utilize the cost-plus margin method to determine the SSP for our Framework support services offerings and hardware sales. For Framework support services, we
calculate the average cost of support to within a small range to arrive at an average expected cost. Legacy support services are priced as a percentage of the list price of the
related software license and hardware. Historically, we determined the SSP of the support services based on this pricing relationship and observable data from standalone
sales of support contracts. The expected cost-plus margin for hardware is based on the cost of the hardware from third parties, plus a reasonable markup that the Company
believes is reflective of a market-based reseller margin.
The SSP for services in time and materials contracts is determined by observable prices in standalone services arrangements. We estimate the SSP for fixed price services
based on estimated hours adjusted for historical experience at time and material rates charged in standalone services arrangements. Revenue for fixed price services is
recognized over time as the services are provided based on an input measure of hours incurred to total estimated hours.
Some of our contracts have payment terms that differ from the timing of revenue recognition, which requires us to assess whether the transaction price for those contracts
include a significant financing component. We have elected the practical expedient that permits an entity to not adjust for the effects of a significant financing component
if we expect that at the contract inception, the period between when the entity transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that
good or service, will be one year or less. For those contracts in which the period exceeds the one-year threshold, this assessment, as well as the quantitative estimate of the
financing component and its relative significance, requires judgment. We estimate the significant financing component provided to our customers with extended payment
terms by determining the present value of the future payments by applying an average standard industry discount rate that reflects the customer’s creditworthiness.
Payment terms with customers typically require payment 30 days from invoice date. Our agreements with customers do not provide for any refunds for services or
products and therefore no specific reserve for such is maintained. In the infrequent instances where customers raise a concern over delivered products or services, we have
endeavored to remedy the concern and all costs related to such matters have been insignificant in all periods presented.
We occasionally enter into amendments to previously executed contracts that may constitute contract modifications. The amendments are assessed to determine if (1) the
additional products and services are distinct from the product and services in the original arrangement; and (2) the amount of consideration expected for the added
products and services reflects the SSP of those products and services. An amendment or contract modification meeting both criteria is accounted for as a separate contract.
A contract modification not meeting both criteria is considered a change to the original contract and is accounted for on either a prospective basis as a termination of the
existing contract and the creation of a new contract or a cumulative catch-up basis.
Contract Balances
Contract assets consist of unbilled revenue, which is recognized as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals or upon
achievement of contractual milestones. Unbilled receivables expected to be billed and collected within one year are classified as current assets or long-term assets if
expected to be billed and collected after one year (see Note 10).
Costs to Obtain and Fulfill a Contract
 
We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. We have
determined that commissions and special incentive payments (“Spiffs”) for hardware and software maintenance and support and professional services paid under our sales
incentive programs meet the requirements to be capitalized under ASC 340-40. Costs to obtain a contract are amortized as selling and marketing expense over the
expected
11
