 
Net cash provided by investing activities
Net cash provided by investing activities was $0.2 million and $1.1 million for the three months ended April 30, 2021 and April 30, 2020, respectively, due to proceeds
from the sales and maturities of our marketable securities partially offset by purchases of property and equipment.
 
Net cash provided by financing activities
Net cash provided by financing activities was $17.6 million for the three months ended April 30, 2021 due to $0.1 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and
$17.5 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in relation to the Offering. Net cash provided by financing activities was $0.1 million for the three
months ended April 30, 2020 due to proceeds from stock option exercises and purchases through the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic
In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, concerns related to the spread of COVID-19 began to create global business disruptions as well as disruptions in our operations and to
create potential negative impacts on our revenues and other financial results. COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020.
The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our financial condition or results of operations is currently uncertain and depends on factors including the impact on our
customers, partners, and vendors and on the operation of the global markets in general. Due to our business model, the effect of COVID-19 on our results of operations
may also not be fully reflected for some time.
We are currently conducting business with substantial modifications to employee travel, employee work locations, virtualization or cancellation of customer and
employee events, and remote sales, implementation, and support activities, among other modifications. These decisions may delay or reduce sales and harm productivity
and collaboration. We have observed other companies and governments making similar alterations to their normal business operations, and in general, the markets are
experiencing a significant level of uncertainty at the current time. Virtualization of our team’s sales activities could foreclose future business opportunities, particularly as
our customers limit spending, which could negatively impact the willingness of our customers to enter into or renew contracts with us.  The pandemic has impacted our
ability to complete certain implementations, negatively impacting our ability to recognize revenue, and could also negatively impact the payment of accounts receivable
and collections. We continue to realize our on-going cost optimization efforts in response to the impact of the pandemic. We may take further actions that alter our
business operations as the situation evolves. As a result, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the operational alterations we have made in
response on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and financial results cannot be predicted at this time.
On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”).  The CARES Act, among other things,
includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of employer side social security payments, net operating loss carryback periods, alternative
minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement
property. We continue to examine the impact that the CARES Act may have on our business, including the extent of our PPP loan forgiveness eligibility.
The Paycheck Protection Program
On May 5, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note (the “Note”) with Silicon Valley Bank (the “Lender”) evidencing an unsecured loan in an aggregate
principal amount of $2,412,890 pursuant to the PPP under the CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”).
Interest accrues on the Note at a fixed rate of one percent (1%) per annum, with the payment of the first ten months of interest and principal deferred. The Note has an
initial term of two years, is unsecured and is guaranteed by the SBA. The Company applied to the Lender for forgiveness of the Note in March 2021 with the amount
which may be forgiven equal to the sum of qualifying expenses, including payroll costs, covered rent obligations, and covered utility payments incurred by the Company
during the twenty-four week period beginning on May 7, 2020, calculated in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. Management believes we have properly
satisfied all eligibility requirements for full forgiveness, however, we cannot provide assurance that the Note will be forgiven.
Subject to any forgiveness under the PPP, the Note will mature on May 5, 2022. Beginning on the seventeen-month anniversary of the date of the Note, the Company is
required to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest. The Note may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Note
provides for customary events of default including, among others, those relating to breaches of the Company’s obligations under the Note, including a failure to make
payments, any bankruptcy or similar proceedings involving the Company, and certain material effects on the Company’s ability to repay the Note. The Note may be
accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default.
27
