 
ITEM 2.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Forward-Looking Statements
This Form 10-Q contains or incorporates forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and such statements
involve risks and uncertainties. The following information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial information and the notes thereto
included in this Form 10-Q. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially due to competitive
factors and other factors referred to in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “Form 10-K”) for our fiscal year ended January 31, 2021
and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. These factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. These forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industry and markets in which we operate, and management’s beliefs and assumptions.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise the statements in light of future developments. In addition, other written or oral statements that constitute forward-
looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. Words such as “expect,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “may,” “target,”
“project,” or variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Business Overview  
SeaChange International, Inc., a Delaware corporation founded on July 9, 1993, is an industry leader in the delivery of multiscreen, advertising and premium OTT video
management solutions. Our software products and services facilitate the aggregation, licensing, management and distribution of video and advertising content for service
providers, telecommunications companies, satellite operators, broadcasters, and other content providers. We sell our software products and services worldwide, primarily
to service providers including: operators, such as Liberty Global, plc., Altice NV, Cox Communications, Inc. and Rogers Communications, Inc.; telecommunications
companies, such as Verizon Communications, Inc., AT&T, Inc. and Frontier Communications Corporation; satellite operators such as Dish Network Corporation; and
broadcasters.
Our software products and services are designed to empower video providers to create, manage and monetize the increasingly personalized, highly engaging experiences
that viewers demand. Using our products and services, we believe customers can increase revenue by offering services such as VOD programming on a variety of
consumer devices, including televisions, smart phones, PCs, tablets and OTT streaming players. Our solutions enable service providers to offer other interactive television
services that allow subscribers to receive personalized services and interact with their video devices, thereby enhancing their viewing experience. Our products also allow
our customers to insert advertising into broadcast and VOD content.
SeaChange serves an exciting global marketplace where multiscreen viewing is increasingly required, consumer device options are evolving rapidly, and viewing habits
are ever-shifting. The primary driver of our business is enabling the delivery of video content in the changing multiscreen television environment. We have expanded our
capabilities, products and services to address the delivery of content to devices other than television set-top boxes, namely PCs, tablets, smart phones and OTT streaming
players. We believe that our strategy of expanding into adjacent product lines will also position us to further support and maintain our existing service provider customer
base. Providing our customers with more scalable software platforms enables them to further reduce their infrastructure costs, improve reliability and expand service
offerings to their customers. Additionally, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on new customers entering the multiscreen marketplace and increasingly serve
adjacent markets. Our core technologies provide a foundation for software products and services that can be deployed in next generation video delivery systems capable
of increased levels of subscriber activity across multiple devices.
We continue to initiate restructuring efforts to improve operations and optimize our cost structure. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we restructured our finance
department and terminated the lease to our Waltham, Massachusetts headquarters. In the first half of fiscal 2021, we reduced our headcount across all departments in
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, for which we expect approximately $7.6 million of annualized savings. Additionally, in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 we
transferred our technical support services to our Poland location in an effort to further reduce cost.
In February 2019, we entered into a cooperation agreement (the “Cooperation Agreement”) with TAR Holdings LLC and Karen Singer (collectively, “TAR Holdings”).
As of the date of the Cooperation Agreement, TAR Holdings beneficially owned approximately 20.6% of our outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the Cooperation
Agreement, we agreed to set the size of the Board at up to eight members, appointed Robert Pons to the Board as a Class II Director with an initial term that expired at the
2019 annual meeting of stockholders, and appointed Jeffrey Tuder to the Board as a Class III Director with an initial term that expired at the 2020 annual meeting of
stockholders. Messrs. Pons and Tuder were subsequently re-elected in the 2019 and 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, respectively. On January 8, 2021, our Chief
Executive Officer resigned, and Mr. Pons was subsequently appointed Executive Chairman and Principal Executive Officer in the interim. Mr. Tuder resigned from the
Board on May 14, 2021 and was replaced by David Nicol.
21
