reported and investigated appropriately. Risks to people’s
health were not always assessed and action taken to
reduce the risks. At times there were insufficient staff
available to ensure people’s needs were met in a safe
way.
Whilst staff treated people with kindness, they were not
always respectful when addressing people or recording
information about people’s needs. Staff respected
people’s privacy but were not always careful to protect
their dignity. The provider did not ensure that the
appropriate process was followed to protect people’s
rights when people lacked mental capacity to make some
decisions.
Staff practice was not monitored effectively and some
staff were not up to date with training necessary to meet
people’s needs. People’s care plans were not always up to
date. Care plan reviews were not always effective which
meant people’s most current needs were not always
documented.
Staff were aware of the signs of possible abuse. The
registered manager did not always report incidents that
were notifiable to CQC or to the local authority
safeguarding team. Some staff were unaware they were
using unlawful restraint on people whose behaviour
placed themselves and others at risk.
Checks on the suitability of staff wishing to work in the
home were carried out. Complaints were responded to
however the policy was not detailed enough to ensure
people knew how to escalate their complaint if they
wanted to.
People enjoyed the food which was plentiful and
presented in an appealing way. People had a choice of
main meal and several choices of dessert. People’s
specific dietary needs were met. A pleasant and calm
atmosphere was present in the home and staff chatted
with people in a relaxed manner.
Some people did not have access to meaningful
activities. We have made a recommendation to the
provider about this. The environment had been adapted
to assist people who were living with a diagnosis of
dementia and outside areas were accessible and
well-maintained.
Staff responded to calls bells in a timely manner and
people said staff were attentive to their needs. Staff took
care to promote people’s independence and provided
assistance only where this was required.
We found multiple breaches of the Health and Social Care
Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014. You can
see what action we told the providers to take at the back
of the full version of the report.
Summary of findings
2 The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
