Ourfindings
People who were able to tell us said their needs were met
and one relative said they were satisfied with the care their
family member received. Another relative said that aspects
of the care could be improved, in particular treating people
as individuals with specific needs.
Staff were aware of people’s needs however care plans
were not always up to date and did not always address all
of people’s needs. One person’s care records identified they
could be emotional at times. There was no care plan in
place for their emotional needs and when asked, two staff
related different ways they tried to support the person
when they became upset or distressed. Another person had
had three falls between the last two dates their care plan
was reviewed. There was no information for staff on how to
assist the person to try and prevent further falls. Their care
records stated they could “become very frustrated and
cross” however, no triggers for the frustration were
recorded and no care plan was in place to help staff care for
the person when they were feeling frustrated. On at least
one occasion the person had had a fall on a day when they
had been documented as, “very aggressive”.
Some people’s support plans contained information on
their past history and interests. Where the person was
previously known to the registered manager the
information was extensive. It painted a picture of the
person’s life before they required care and support and it
was clear the person had been involved in their care
planning. For other people information on their personal
and social history was blank and no information had been
recorded about what interests or activities the person may
wish to engage in whilst in the home.
The failure to ensure that people’s care records
reflected their current needs and preferences and
were reviewed effectively was a breach of regulation 9
of the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulation
Activities) Regulations 2014.
Some activities were planned inside the home and weekly
day trips were arranged for people who wished to take part.
Day trips were popular and people said they enjoyed them
and looked forward to them. People said they’d had cream
tea in the garden recently and a summer barbeque was
arranged. A large board showed external entertainers and
craft sessions were booked about once a month. Some
people’s records showed a lack of social activity
opportunities. One person’s activity record showed 11
activities during a 19 week period and seven of these were
recorded as “nails cleaned” or “manicure”. Others were a
cream tea in the garden and two outings. No other
activities were recorded as offered to, or refused by the
person. When we asked staff whether group activities were
arranged they said they had “offered [people] all sorts of
things, but it’s very difficult to get them interested”. Some
people had their own interests, such as jigsaw puzzles or
knitting. A computer was available with a large print
keyboard.
We recommend the provider researches and considers
adopting best practice in relation to providing
meaningful activities for older people.
People said they would talk to staff or the registered
manager if they had any complaints. People said, “I would
complain if I wanted to; I'd speak to [the manager]. But I
have no complaints”, and, “I came in for six weeks, and
decide to stay, so I have no complaints; if I had, I would
speak to the manager or any of the girls.” The provider had
a complaints policy in place and information about how to
complain was included in the guide in each person’s room.
The policy was not specific about when a person could
expect a response to their complaint. The policy stated if
people were not satisfied with the registered manager’s
response they could escalate their complaint to the
provider, but the provider’s contact details were not shown.
The policy stated people could also contact the local
authority and / or CQC but there were no telephone
numbers for these. A complaint received had been
responded to in a timely manner however, the response
did not inform the person how to escalate their complaint if
they wished to.
Is the service responsive?
Requires improvement –––
12
The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
