Ourfindings
People, and their relatives, told us they felt safe in the
home. People who were able to communicate verbally said
they had no concerns about their safety. One person said
“Safe? They’re wonderful. They fuss over me like I was a
puppy” We observed care being provided in the lounges
and dining room. The atmosphere was relaxed and people
looked at ease.
Although people said they felt safe, people were not
safeguarded from abuse. The home had a multi-agency
policy for the safeguarding of adults in place, but this was
not always followed. We identified four records where
people had sustained an injury which had not been
investigated or reported in line with the policy. Two of the
injuries were sustained whilst staff were providing personal
care, or were supporting the person to move; others were
un-witnessed. There was no consistent approach to
recording and investigating incidents to ensure people
were safeguarded against the risk of abuse.
Allegations of abuse were not always taken seriously and
dealt with appropriately. When a person made an
allegation of financial abuse against a family member the
registered manager and senior staff suggested the
allegation was due to the person’s “paranoia”, or because
they may have “a UTI [urinary tract infection]”. This
approach to abuse allegations did not safeguard people
and was not in line with the service’s safeguarding policy.
The failure to respond to allegations and record,
report and investigate safeguarding incidents was a
breach of regulation 13 of the Health and Social Care
Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014.
Risks to people’s health, safety and wellbeing were
recorded in people’s care records. These covered areas
such as moving and handling, skin integrity and falls and
were not always up to date.
Several people were at risk, and had a history, of falls. The
registered manager said if someone fell and sustained a
head injury, their policy was that the person should be
monitored at regular times for 24 hours to ensure further
complications were noted quickly and acted on. One
person's accident report had a half hourly monitoring form
attached. The person’s health and wellbeing had been
recorded as monitored for only one hour following the
head injury. The registered manager and deputy manager
were unsure whether the person had been monitored and
no record had been made to indicate they had. The lack of
monitoring did not safeguard people from the possible
health complications following a head injury.
One person had a health condition that could increase
their risk of falls, and had a history of falls when they moved
into the home. Their risk assessment for falls referred to the
health condition, but did not state what action staff could
take to decrease the risk for the person.
The failure to assess, record and mitigate risks to
people’s health and safety was a breach of regulation
12 of the Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated
Activities) Regulations 2014.
One person was cared for in bed and, to prevent the person
from developing pressure injuries, a turn chart was in place.
This was for staff to assist the person to reposition
themselves regularly. Staff were aware of the person’s
repositioning needs and the record showed they were
turned appropriately. Other people who were at risk of
pressure injury had pressure relieving equipment in place
to reduce this risk. We observed staff using equipment to
assist people to move around the home. This was done
safely and with due regard to people’s individual
limitations.
There were insufficient staff available to meet people’s
needs in the evening and at night. The registered manager
said two staff were on duty from 8pm and either the
registered manager, or the deputy manager were on call at
all times. The deputy manager said staffing levels had not
been reviewed for some time and during that time the
needs of people had, “definitely increased”. At the time of
our inspection, there were 28 people in the home. The
registered manager said 10, and sometimes 11, of the 28
required the support of two staff. One person was receiving
end of life care, and another person was prone to
aggression towards other people and staff which,
according to staff, “increased in the evenings”. Staff said
staffing levels in the evenings were insufficient to ensure
the person was monitored during this time. They said that if
two staff were required to support someone upstairs, this
left no staff downstairs to attend to the needs of people.
One member of staff said some people who required two
staff were assisted to bed before 8pm as there were only
two staff available from that time. Records of care provided
at night showed that on several occasions recently, two
people had become confused in the night and had
Is the service safe?
Inadequate –––
6 The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
