Ourfindings
People were complimentary about the staff and said their
needs were met. They said, “I’m well looked-after” and,
“everything is lovely”. Relatives said, “[my relative] gets
absolutely brilliant care”, and, “they are really cared for”.
Staff induction, training and supervision was not always
effective. Induction for new staff was not thorough. It did
not include an assessment of their work or a clear plan of
training. The registered manager said new staff completed
a two to three day induction if they were new to the
provision of care and a ‘shadowing’ period in which they
worked alongside other staff to get to know people living in
the home. For one member of staff who started work in the
home in January 2015, their induction consisted of a
checklist of information such as the home’s policies and
procedures. They had received one supervision meeting at
the beginning of their employment and none since. There
was no review of their probationary period, assessment of
their work, formal induction or training plan. This meant
the system in place did not follow a clear process of
training and assessment of competence.
Staff supervision was not frequent and some training was
not up to date. The provider’s policy stated staff should
receive supervision six times each year and that three of
these would be observations of staff practice. Records of
supervision showed staff had had three supervision
meetings in the past year. Specific training needs had not
been identified. The member of staff who arranged training
said staff, “were a bit behind” on training and records
confirmed this. For example, some staff had received
training in the Mental Capacity Act 2005 and Deprivation of
Liberty Safeguards in 2011. The registered manager said
this training should be repeated after three years. Staff were
therefore overdue for this training.
At times staff said they felt ill-prepared to support people
with increasing needs. They said they were working with
people who had more complex needs than ever before and
sometimes they found this challenging. The people they
referred to were those who had shown signs of aggression
although our observations showed staff were also
challenged by people who had increased communication
needs due to living with dementia. Staff said they had not
been trained to care for people whose behaviour put
themselves or others at risk. The member of staff
responsible for monitoring training told us they knew staff
needed training in this area of care but there were no
specific plans in place to provide it. Whilst the majority of
staff had received training in the care of people living with
dementia it was evident that some staff were not skilled in
how to care for and communicate with people living with a
diagnosis of dementia. Although all staff had completed
training in the safeguarding of adults, staff supervision had
failed to ensure staff were implementing this in practice.
The failure to ensure staff received appropriate
induction, supervision and training was a breach of
regulation 18 of the Health and Social Care Act 2008
(Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014.
The service had two policies which referred to the use of
restraint and these were contradictory. One policy stated
restraint would not be used in the home. The other
addressed ‘managing violence’ and stated, ‘if physical
restraint is necessary it must be to the degree appropriate
to the actual danger or resistance shown by the resident’.
Two staff described actions they had taken when a person
who lacked capacity was resistant to the delivery of
personal care and had the tendency to “thrash about”. Both
actions amounted to restraint. The person’s care plan
contained no information about the use of restraint. Their
risk assessment for ‘aggression towards staff’ stated that
when the person was anxious and frustrated staff were to
speak calmly and quietly and walk away from the situation
as long as the person was safe and return in 10-15 minutes.
The registered manager and other senior staff were not
aware staff were using restraint with the person.
The failure to ensure people were not unlawfully
restrained was a breach of regulation 13 of the Health
and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities)
Regulations 2014.
A lack of understanding and application of the Mental
Capacity Act (MCA) 2005 code of practice amongst staff
meant it could not be ascertained whether decisions were
made in people’s best interests. The MCA provides a legal
framework to assess people’s capacity to make certain
decisions, at a certain time. When people are assessed as
not having the capacity to make a decision, a best interest
decision should be made involving people who know the
person well and other professionals, where relevant. Care
records indicated that three people lacked capacity.
However, the support the person required to enable them
to make a decision, or information on how a decision was
Is the service effective?
Inadequate –––
8 The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
