Ourfindings
People said they were asked for their opinion of the service;
this was both informally and formally with the use of
surveys. One person said, “they come and ask me what I
want and if I am happy”. The registered manager said, “we
try to get the views of residents as much as possible”. A
relative told us they had been sent a survey to complete.
The registered manager said they monitored the quality of
the service people received through audits. The medicines
audit was carried out monthly and was not thorough. The
most recent was recorded on 01 July 2015 and no actions
were found to be necessary. The audit was limited in scope
and involved checking that all medicines were in date. It
did not cover the storage of medicines and staff said they
thought the maintenance staff monitored the temperature
of the medicines room. However, the maintenance staff
said they did not do this and therefore no record was
available to show medicines were kept at the appropriate
temperature. The audit also did not cover the recording,
handling or disposal of medicines.
The registered manager said “I don’t ask my staff to do
anything I wouldn’t do myself”. Their vision for the home
was to make it, “homely, with high standards of cleanliness,
respect and dignity”. They said they monitored this through
training and support given to staff. However, the registered
manager was not aware that staff did not always reflect
their vision as they provided daily care to people. Staff
practice was not monitored effectively. Formal supervisions
and observation of staff practice was infrequent and did
not enable the registered manager or provider to be
informed of areas requiring improvement. Staffing levels
during the evening and night had not been monitored in
the light of people’s increased needs for support. Reviews
of the care people required were not thorough and care
records were not audited to ensure the care people
received was appropriate.
The failure to effectively assess, monitor and improve
the quality and safety of services was a breach of
regulation 17 of the Health and Social Care Act 2008
(Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014.
The registered manager carried out an annual health and
safety review of all areas of the home. This was supported
by a weekly environmental audit where a selection of
rooms and communal areas were looked at and actions
were noted and completed. Staff used a maintenance
record book to record repairs that were needed, and a
maintenance member of staff was employed.
People’s care records were not always complete and up to
date. The deputy manager said they reviewed each
person’s care plan monthly or more often if necessary.
However we found that although the review was recorded,
people’s current needs were not reflected in their care
plans. One care plan had not been updated following the
person’s admission to hospital a month previously. Their
needs had changed, and for example, they were no longer
able to use the hoist to be supported to transfer and were
cared for entirely in bed now. Another person’s care plan for
eating showed they were able to eat independently
however, the deputy manager said the person now had
their food pureed and they needed assistance from staff to
eat. Their care records did not show this change to their
support needs. In a further example, the deputy manager
confirmed a person’s moving and handling risk assessment
was out of date. The person required the use of a
wheelchair to mobilise whereas their risk assessment
showed they could weight bear.
The failure to maintain an accurate and complete
record of the care provided to each person was a
breach of regulation 17 of the Health and Social Care
Act 2008 (Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014.
Providers are required to inform CQC of notifiable incidents
that occur in the home. The registered manager had not
notified CQC, appropriately when notifiable events had
taken place in the home. These included incidents of
suspected abuse, and injuries sustained by people living in
the home including the development of a grade four
pressure injury.
The failure to notify CQC of notifiable incidents was a
breach of regulation 18 of the Health and Social Care
Act 2008 (Registration) Regulations 2009.
People’s feedback was sought and this was acted on.
Results from the residents’ and relatives’ survey were
positive, with most areas scored as “good” or “excellent”.
Two people had made comments which the registered
manager had acted on. These were in relation to the meals
offered and the time a person was offered a cup of tea.
Several relatives had written to express their thanks for the
care provided to their family member whilst at the home.
Is the service well-led?
Requires improvement –––
13
The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
