made in their best interests, was not documented. A form
was in place for staff to indicate when the person’s capacity
to make decisions had been reviewed. These had been
signed but the deputy manager said this was to indicate
the care plan had been reviewed and not the person’s
mental capacity.
Three people had bed rails in place as they were at risk of
falling from their bed. The decision to use bed rails had
been recorded which showed this had been discussed with
appropriate people who knew the person and their GP, or
hospital staff where appropriate. The use of bed rails was
adopted as in the person’s best interests as the safest way
to protect them from harm. However, the person’s capacity
to consent to restrictive measures for their own safety had
not been recorded.
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) monitors the
operation of the Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards (DoLS)
which applies to care homes. These safeguards protect the
rights of people using services by ensuring if there are any
restrictions to their freedom and liberty, these have been
authorised by the local authority as being required to
protect the person from harm. Applications for a DoLS had
been made for three people with the support of a local GP.
Whilst the registered manager understood the process to
follow with regard to DoLS, there was no record that the
mental capacity of the person’s concerned had been
assessed.
The failure to ensure the MCA 2005 code of practice
was implemented was a breach of regulation 11 of the
Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities)
Regulations 2014.
People were supported to maintain good health, and care
records showed they had access to health care services as
needed. District nurses, GPs and mental health
professionals were all involved in people’s care as required.
People had access to chiropody and optician services and
were supported to attend hospital appointments when
required. A health professional said, “as soon as they see a
problem they contact us”.
People were provided with a variety of nutritious food and
drink with choices of main meal and several choices of
pudding. The lunchtime meal was provided in two
sessions. People who required a specialist diet, such as
pureed food, or additional support to eat and drink were
served first. Staff provided support to people in a discreet
and respectful manner and varied the support people
received, according to their needs. For example, some
people required a word of encouragement to eat whilst
others needed staff to assist them to eat. People ate a good
proportion of their meals and the atmosphere was calm
and unhurried. Later the room was reset and people who
were more independent when eating were assisted to the
dining room. People chose where to sit and with whom and
clothes protectors were available when people requested
them.
The chef was aware of people’s needs, including two
people with diabetes, and provided choices so that people
could still eat puddings. One person required their fluids to
be thickened due to difficulties swallowing. The chef and
staff knew this and made sure the person was provided
with appropriately thickened drinks. Some people’s care
plans showed they were of low weight and staff should
encourage the person to eat snacks. Their daily records of
care showed they ate a sandwich before bed and staff said
this was offered to everyone in the home around 9pm.
The home had been adapted to support people with needs
associated with living with a diagnosis of dementia.
Handrails throughout the building were painted in a bright
colour to stand out from the walls and lounge chairs were
brightly coloured to help people orientate themselves
when sitting. Toilet doors were similarly brightly coloured
so people could locate them more easily and extra lighting
had been installed in the hallways.
People said they enjoyed being in the garden which was
wheelchair accessible and had been adapted to support
people to enjoy the outside space safely. Pathways had
handrails of a bright colour, and a sensory water feature
provided texture and sound. There were a variety of places
for people to sit, both in the sun and shaded, and the
garden was well maintained. A picnic area was provided
and we saw people enjoying the outside space.
Is the service effective?
Inadequate –––
9 The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
