wandered around the home. One person had successfully
exited the building. Whilst one member of staff attempted
to assist the person back into the building this left just one
other to meet the needs of the remaining 27 people over
three floors.
The failure to ensure staffing levels sufficient to meet
people’s needs was a breach of regulation 18 of the
Health and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities)
Regulations 2014.
During the day there were enough staff to meet people’s
needs. Call bells were in place in people’s bedrooms and
en-suite facilities so people could summon staff assistance
should they require it. The call bell had two options, the
first to request assistance and the second for use in an
emergency. Bells were not activated frequently, but when
they were, these were attended to by staff within a
reasonable time. When a person activated the emergency
button, staff responded immediately. Staff were available
to support people in the lounges and dining area
throughout the day.
Medicines were not stored safely. The room where
medicines were stored was warm and the temperature of
the room was not monitored which could result in the
effectiveness of the medicines being compromised.
People did not always receive their medicines when
required. One person was given ‘as required’ (PRN) pain
relief as part of the regular medicines round and was not
asked if they required this. This could result in them
receiving too much pain relief. No pain assessments were in
use although there were several people, according to staff,
who were not able to verbally communicate if they were in
pain. Staff said some people used hand gestures to show
they were in pain. There were no pain care plans to show
how each person would indicate this.
One person’s eye drops which were prescribed twice a day
had only been provided once a day for five weeks. Staff said
they had missed this. Another person was prescribed a
cream twice daily but was recorded as receiving it once a
day. Two people had been prescribed creams which were
not being used, and in one case the cream could not be
found in the home. One person was being given a medicine
which was not detailed on their medicines administration
record (MAR).
Staff said they had been trained in the administration of
medicines. The registered manager said they checked staff
competence following training through observations. We
found records of observation were not in place for two of
the four staff we checked. For staff whose competency had
been checked this covered the administration of medicines
only, and not the recording, stock taking, storage or use of
‘as required’ medicines. The lack of checks meant that staff
skills and training needs between training sessions were
not monitored to ensure safe medicines management in
the home.
Medicines stocks were not accurate. The stocks of three
medicines were found to be incorrect when compared to
the records. In two cases there was an excess of the
medicine and in the other some tablets were not
accounted for.
The home had a medicines policy in place which staff said
was based on guidance from the National Institute for
Clinical Excellence (NICE). However, the policy was not
comprehensive and, for example, did not cover the storage,
administration and recording of creams, or guidance on the
use of PRN medicines and how to respond if a person
regularly refused their medicines. The policy therefore was
not comprehensive enough to ensure that people received
their medicines safely from staff who had been trained and
assessed as competent to do so.
The failure to manage medicines safely was a breach
of regulation 12 of the Health and Social Care Act 2008
(Regulated Activities) Regulations 2014.
People said they were satisfied with staff managing their
medicines. We observed part of a medicines administration
round at lunch time. Medicines were transported safely in a
locked trolley and this was kept locked when staff were
administering medicines to individual people. Staff
followed safe procedures with a respectful, gentle and
discreet approach when supporting people to take their
medicines.
The registered manager carried out checks on prospective
staff to check their suitability to work with older people.
These included employment history, a criminal record
check with the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) and
references from previous employers. Checks were
completed before staff commenced employment.
Is the service safe?
Inadequate –––
7 The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
