Ourfindings
People said they were treated with kindness and that staff
respected them. They said, “they’re wonderful girls”,
“they’re lovely”, and “everyone’s so attentive”. Other
comments we heard were, “I’m very happy”, and “I’ve
settled in really well. I’m very comfortable. I’ve made
friends”, “It’s very good here; if it wasn’t for the staff I
wouldn’t know what to do; they are pleasant, kind,
respectful”. A relative said, “I have no doubts about anyone
here. They do seem to genuinely care. It’s as nice an
arrangement as it can be”.
However, people were not always addressed, referred to or
cared for with respect. Some records made by staff referred
to people as, “feeds” and as being “toileted” or
“commoded” which did not show respect for people’s
eating or continence needs. Although staff spoke to people
kindly they frequently referred to people using terms such
as, “love”, “sweetheart”, “mate” and “darling” rather than by
their preferred name. For people with dementia being
called by their preferred name helps them to understand
they are being addressed. One staff member was observed
calling out to another member of staff in an adjoining
room, “can you come and sort [person’s name] out”. The
member of staff who came to help the person did so in a
discreet manner, talking calmly without drawing attention
to them. However, the staff member had drawn people’s
attention to the person who had removed some clothing,
and did not take care to protect their dignity.
Staff did not always communicate with people in a way
that showed regard for their limitations. One person was
very hard of hearing. Some staff said they would write
things down in large letters for the person to make sure
they understood what was going on, Although their care
plan stated staff should assist the person this way, it did not
happen during our inspection and the registered manager
said the practice, “did not always work”. A staff member
suggested that picture cards could be used effectively with
the person but these were not available in the home.
One member of staff addressed the room in which six
people were sitting, four females and two males. The staff
member said, “right then ladies, would you like to watch a
film?” Two people responded, one said yes and the other
said no as they were reading their newspaper. This did not
show regard to the two males, or the other females who
were in the room, and did not take into account people’s
hearing and communication needs. The member of staff
did not offer anyone to move to a quieter area, and instead
chose the film without asking people what they preferred.
When the film was put on in the main lounge, people sitting
elsewhere were not asked if they would like to move to
watch the film. One person in an adjoining room was heard
to say, “what’s that film they’ve got on, I can’t see it from
here”.
The failure to treat people with respect and dignity at
all times was a breach of regulation 10 of the Health
and Social Care Act 2008 (Regulated Activities)
Regulations 2014.
One member of staff did effectively communicate with
people with communication difficulties. One person came
and asked where the toilet was. The staff member spoke
clearly, using gestures to indicate that the person should
follow them to the toilet. The person understood and was
supported to get there. Staff appeared to be busy
throughout the day, but did have time to talk to people
after lunch. We saw staff chatted to one person about their
upcoming holiday, and to a couple of other people about
their knitting. A relative said that their father joined their
mother in the home for Sunday lunch and, “[the staff] take
care of him too; it’s lovely”.
Staff did not ensure people were always invited to join
activities if they wanted to. A birthday celebration was
going on, which delighted the person, and six people in the
lounge were offered snacks and glass of sherry. The
celebration changed the atmosphere in the lounge where it
took place and people visibly brightened and became
more animated, chatting to each other and sharing the
snacks. Two people were in another lounge from which the
singing and chat could be heard. A member of staff came
into the lounge and offered one person a glass of sherry.
They did not offer the other person either a drink or the
snacks, nor invite them both to move to the main lounge
for the celebration if they wanted to. The care plan for one
of the people stated they needed encouragement to join in
activities as they were at risk of social isolation. Staff failed
to follow the care plan and ensure people were invited to
share in social activity. We brought this to the registered
manager’s attention and they said they would inquire with
staff why this occurred.
People’s needs when they were receiving end of life care
were not recorded and kept under review. One person was
receiving end of life care. The registered manager said they
Is the service caring?
Requires improvement –––
10
The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
