had a ‘just in case’ box in the home for when it may be
needed. A ‘just in case’ box contains all the items readily
available to ensure a person’s symptoms can be managed
effectively and without delay., There was no care plan in
place for the person’s end of life needs and wishes or
arrangements to ensure that the person’s preferences were
kept under review and acted on. Staff were unaware of the
person’s end of life wishes, although the care they currently
provided the person was described as, “wonderful”, and
“couldn’t be better” by the person and their relatives.
A pleasant and jovial atmosphere was promoted during the
lunchtime meal. People sat in a variety of chairs and two
people were supported to move to the dining room in
wheeled lounge chairs which meant they could join in the
social aspect of the meal. Background music played and
people appeared to enjoy the meal as they chatted to one
another and to staff. Staff assisted people in an unobtrusive
manner and talked with people about the meal and other
topics such as the weather or visitors to the home.
Staff promoted people’s independence. One member of
staff discreetly observed a person eating their meal, and
only stepped in to provide assistance when they faltered,
saying “shall I just cut that up for you, [person’s name]?”
The person accepted the help and the staff member then
left the person to manage for as long as they could. People
had adapted cutlery and crockery, such as plate-guards
where they were required. As a result people’s
independence to eat and drink was encouraged. People
told us they were able to do things alone if they wanted to,
such as bathing using their en-suite facility. This was
reflected in their care plan which referred to their ability to
make choices and decisions, such as when to call a doctor
or nurse.
People said they were involved in their care planning and
that staff respected their wishes. People were able to stay
in their rooms if they preferred privacy and we observed
people were able to go to their rooms at any point during
the day.
Is the service caring?
Requires improvement –––
11
The Limes Residential Home Inspection report 05/10/2015
