Three of our largest states by total sales are California, Texas and Florida, areas where natural disasters and extreme weather conditions have been, and could 
continue to be, more prevalent. Natural disasters and climate-related events in those states and other areas where our sales and operations are concentrated 
could result in significant physical damage to or closure of our stores, distribution centers or other facilities. 
Further, external social activism, tension and violence resulting from external events impacting social justice and inequality, and our response to them, may 
adversely affect our employees, customers, properties and the communities in which we operate. Also, if our customers and employees do not perceive our 
response to be appropriate or adequate for a particular region or our company as a whole, we could suffer damage to our reputation and our brand, which could 
adversely affect our business in the future. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic events, we may endure interruption to our operations or losses of 
property, equipment or inventory, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
Many of the products we sell are highly susceptible to technological advancement, product life cycle fluctuations and changes in consumer 
preferences.
We operate in a highly and increasingly dynamic industry sector fueled by constant technological innovation and disruption. This manifests itself in a variety of 
ways: the emergence of new products and categories, the often rapid maturation of categories, cannibalization of categories, changing price points, and product 
replacement and upgrade cycles.
 
This rapid pace of change can be hard to predict and manage, and there is no guarantee we can effectively do this all the time. If we fail to interpret, predict and 
react to these changes in a timely and effective manner, the consequences can include: failure to offer the products and services that our customers want; 
excess inventory, which may require heavy discounting or liquidation; inability to secure adequate access to brands or products for which consumer demand 
exceeds supply; delays in adapting our merchandising, marketing or supply chain capabilities to accommodate changes in product trends; and damage to our 
brand and reputation. These and other similar factors could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
Strategic Risks 
We face strong competition from multi-channel retailers, e-commerce businesses, technology service providers, traditional store-based retailers, 
vendors and mobile network carriers, which directly affects our revenue and profitability.
While we constantly strive to offer consumers the best value, the retail sector is highly competitive. Price is of great importance to most customers and price 
transparency and comparability continues to increase, particularly as a result of digital technology. The ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time 
basis puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. We compete with many other local, regional, national and international retailers and 
technology service providers, as well as some of our vendors and mobile network carriers that market their products directly to consumers. Competition may also 
result from new entrants into the markets we serve, offering products and/or services that compete with us.
The retail sector continues to experience increased sales initiated online and using mobile applications, as well as online sales for both in-store or curbside pick-
up. Online and multi-channel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, with customers increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-cost 
or free shipping. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, and our failure to successfully manage these factors 
and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. Because our business strategy is based on 
offering superior levels of customer service and a full range of services to complement the products we offer, our cost structure might be higher than some of our 
competitors, and this, in conjunction with price transparency, could put pressure on our margins. As these and related competitive factors evolve, we may 
experience material adverse pressure on our revenue and profitability.
If we fail to attract, retain and engage appropriately qualified employees, including employees in key positions, our operations and profitability may 
be harmed. In addition, changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect our profitability.
Our performance is highly dependent on attracting, retaining and engaging appropriately qualified employees in our stores, service centers, distribution centers, 
field and corporate offices. Our strategy of offering high-quality services and assistance for our customers requires a highly trained and engaged workforce. The 
turnover rate in the retail sector is relatively high and increased during the COVID-19 pandemic, and there is an ongoing need to recruit and train new 
employees. Factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include, for example, employee engagement, our reputation, 
unemployment rates, competition from other employers, availability of qualified personnel and our ability to offer appropriate compensation and benefit packages. 
Failure to recruit or retain qualified employees in the future may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. In addition, 
a significant amount of turnover of our executive team or other employees in key positions with specific knowledge relating to us, our operations and our industry 
may negatively impact our operations.
We operate in a competitive labor market and there is a risk that market increases in compensation and employer-provided benefits could have a material 
adverse effect on our profitability. We may also be subject to continued market pressure to increase employee hourly wage rates and increased cost pressure on 
employer-provided benefits. Our need to implement corresponding adjustments within our labor model and compensation and benefit packages could have a 
material adverse impact to the profitability of our business.
10
