Liquidity and Capital Resources
We closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. Our liquidity requirements depend on key variables, including the level of investment required to support 
our business strategies, the performance of our business, capital expenditures, dividends, credit facilities, short-term borrowing arrangements and working capital 
management. We modify our approach to managing these variables as changes in our operating environment arise. For example, capital expenditures and share 
repurchases are a component of our cash flow and capital management strategy, which, to a large extent, we can adjust in response to economic and other 
changes in our business environment. We have a disciplined approach to capital allocation, which focuses on investing in key priorities that support our strategy.
Cash and cash equivalents were as follows ($ in millions):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
January 28, 2023
 
January 29, 2022
Cash and cash equivalents
$
 1,874  
 
$
 2,936  
The decrease in cash and cash equivalents in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by share repurchases, capital expenditures and dividend payments. These 
decreases were partially offset by positive cash flows from operations, primarily driven by earnings. 
Our cash deposits held at financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed 
upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit. We limit exposure relating to financial instruments by diversifying the financial 
instruments among various counterparties, which consist primarily of major financial institutions.
Cash Flows
Cash flows were as follows ($ in millions):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023
 
2022
 
2021
Total cash provided by (used in):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating activities
$
 1,824 
  
$
 3,252 
  
$
 4,927 
 
Investing activities
 
 (962) 
 
 
 (1,372) 
 
 
 (788) 
Financing activities
 
 (1,806) 
 
 
 (4,297) 
 
 
 (876) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
 
 (8) 
 
 
 (3) 
 
 
 7  
Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
$
 (952)
  
$
 (2,420)
  
$
 3,270 
 
Operating Activities
The decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to lower earnings and higher incentive compensation payments in the 
current year as a result of strong fiscal 2022 results, partially offset by the timing and volume of inventory purchases and payments.
Investing Activities
The decrease in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by the acquisitions of Current Health and Yardbird in fiscal 2022 and a 
decrease in purchases of investments, partially offset by an increase in capital spending for initiatives to support our business.
Financing Activities
The decrease in cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by lower share repurchases.
Sources of Liquidity
Funds generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, our credit facilities and other debt arrangements are our most significant sources of 
liquidity. We believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund operations and anticipated capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and strategic 
initiatives, including business combinations. However, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending. There can be no 
assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our existing credit 
facilities or obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms.
We have a $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the “Five-Year Facility Agreement”) with a syndicate of banks. The Five-
Year Facility Agreement permits borrowings of up to $1.25 billion and expires in May 2026. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Five-Year Facility 
Agreement as of January 28, 2023, or January 29, 2022.
Our ability to continue to access the Five-Year Facility Agreement is subject to our compliance with its terms and conditions, including financial covenants. The 
financial covenants require us to maintain certain financial ratios. As of January 28, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants. If an event of 
default were to occur with respect to any of our other debt, it would likely constitute an event of default under the Five-Year Facility Agreement as well.
29
