Human Capital Management 
We believe in the power of our people. Our culture is built on the belief that engaged and committed employees – supported by opportunities to learn, grow, 
innovate and explore – can lead to extraordinary outcomes. At the end of fiscal 2023, we employed more than 90,000 employees in the U.S. and Canada, 
comprised of approximately 58% full-time employees, 32% part-time employees and 10% seasonal/occasional employees. 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We are creating a more inclusive future, both inside our company and in our communities. In fiscal 2021, we set employee diversity goals to be attained by 2025, 
and we are pleased to report the following achievements in fiscal 2023:

filled 37% of new, salaried corporate positions with Black, Indigenous and People of Color (“BIPOC”) employees, compared to our goal to fill one of 
three positions; and

filled 25% of new, salaried field positions with female employees, compared to our goal to fill one of three positions.
 
We are committed to creating a stronger community of diverse suppliers to help increase BIPOC representation in the tech industry. We continue making 
progress on our commitment to spend at least $1.2 billion with BIPOC and diverse businesses by 2025. In addition, we are investing up to $10 million with Brown 
Venture Group, a venture capital firm that focuses exclusively on Black, Latino and Indigenous technology startups in emerging technologies.
For our communities, we continue making progress on our commitment to spend $44 million by 2025 to expand college preparation and career opportunities for 
BIPOC students, including adding scholarships for Historically Black Colleges and University students and increasing scholarship funding for Best Buy Teen Tech 
Center youth. 
The Compensation and Human Resources Committee of our Board supports the development of an inclusive and diverse culture through oversight of our human 
resources policies and program. The Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee of our Board recommends criteria for the selection of 
individuals to be considered as candidates for election to the Board, which includes diversity considerations.
Training and Development
Personal growth is at the heart of our people strategy, and we believe investing in training, upskilling and reskilling programs will produce long-lasting benefits to 
the organization by creating a more productive, engaged and adaptable workforce. In fiscal 2023, each of our U.S. employees spent an average of at least 44 
hours on training and development.
We made the following enhancements to our training and development program in fiscal 2023: 

expanded our leadership development program to all field and corporate leaders and directors across the enterprise with a focus on adaptability, the 
ability to work effectively with others and create a culture of belonging, the ability to apply reason and learning experiences into one’s role, and the ability 
to understand and thrive in a digital economy;

launched a program with an artificial intelligence platform to proactively plan for future workforce roles, creating new learning and career paths; 

provided LinkedIn Learning to full-time employees for continuous learning in leadership and functional skills; and

created a new onboarding training program for all new employees to create a consistent experience that starts their unique learning path specific for 
their job.
Employee Benefits
We strive to help our employees live happy, healthy and productive lives that balances work and home. 
Our benefits aim to support employees’ overall well-being. In fiscal 2023, we elevated caregiver support for employees with a focus on disabilities and 
neurodivergence through a partnership with Joshin. 
Additionally, we continued our focus on:

caregiver support benefits that enable employees to receive personalized help in a time of great need through Wellthy, a program that helps employees 
with emergency housing, healthcare, substance abuse, complex eldercare issues and other moments of crisis;

pay continuation (paid leave) and caregiver pay so employees can care for themselves and their loved ones; 

maternity leave that provides qualifying employees up to 10 weeks at 100% pay;

Included Health – a new benefit providing support for employees with a focus on LGBTQ+ needs that connect members to affirming and clinically 
competent providers, and one-on-one support with a care coordinator;

access to physical and mental health virtual visits; 

emergency assistance through the HOPE Fund – Helping Our People in Emergencies – in equal partnership with the Richard M. Schultze Family 
Foundation, provides employees in hardship situations an opportunity to receive up to $2,500 in financial assistance;
7
