Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
Management's Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related financial 
information. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP and necessarily include certain amounts that are based on 
estimates and informed judgments. Our management also prepared the related financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is 
responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the consolidated financial statements.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which 
conducted its audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). The independent registered public 
accounting firm's responsibility is to express an opinion as to whether such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial 
position, results of operations and cash flows in accordance with GAAP.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 
Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and 
effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that:
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the dispositions of our assets;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP 
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a 
material effect on our financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined 
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we assessed the 
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we have concluded that our internal control 
over financial reporting was effective as of January 28, 2023. During our assessment, we did not identify any material weaknesses in our internal control over 
financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended January 28, 2023, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an unqualified 
attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023.
35
