Effect if actual results differ from assumptions
A 10% change in our vendor funding deferral as of January 28, 2023, would have affected net earnings by approximately $45 million in fiscal 2023. The level of 
vendor funding deferral has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years.
Goodwill
Description
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be 
recoverable. The impairment test involves a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. Fair value reflects our estimate of the price 
a potential market participant would be willing to pay for the reporting unit in an arms-length transaction. 
We have goodwill in two reporting units – Best Buy Domestic (comprising our core U.S. Best Buy business) and Best Buy Health – with carrying values of $492 
million and $891 million, respectively, as of January 28, 2023.
Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires complex analysis and judgment. We use a combination of discounted cash flow (“DCF”) models and market 
data, such as earnings multiples and quoted market prices, for observable comparable companies. DCF models require detailed forecasts of cash flow drivers, 
such as revenue growth rates, margin rates and capital investments, and estimates of weighted-average cost of capital rates. These estimates incorporate many 
uncertain factors, such as the effectiveness of our strategy, changes in customer behavior, technological changes, competitor actions, regulatory changes and 
macroeconomic trends.
Effects if actual results differ from assumptions
For our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit, fair value exceeded book value by a substantial margin in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. Compared to fiscal 2022, the 
excess of fair value over book value in fiscal 2023 decreased approximately in line with the decline in Best Buy’s market capitalization over the same period, 
reflecting the macroeconomic factors that affected our fiscal year 2023 performance and our expectations for the future. Barring a fundamental, material further 
deterioration of these factors, we believe the risk of future goodwill impairment within our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit is remote. 
Our Best Buy Health reporting unit is subject to a greater level of uncertainty, since it operates in a less mature, rapidly-changing and high-growth environment. In 
both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, the excess of fair value over book value for this reporting unit was substantial. In fiscal 2023, the excess decreased more 
significantly than our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit, primarily due to the effects of macroeconomic factors, driving, for example, lower forecasted revenue 
growth rates in some categories and higher estimates of weighted-average cost of capital rates. The risk of further deterioration in these factors, along with the 
more uncertain environment in which Best Buy Health operates, cause the likelihood of goodwill impairment for our Best Buy Health reporting unit to be higher 
than for our Best Buy Domestic reporting unit.
Inventory Markdown
Description
Our merchandise inventories were $5.1 billion as of January 28, 2023. We value our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value through the 
establishment of inventory markdown adjustments. Markdown adjustments reflect the excess of cost over the net recovery we expect to realize from the ultimate 
sale or other disposal of inventory and establish a new cost basis. No adjustment is recorded for inventory that we expect to return to our vendors for full credit.
Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate
Markdown adjustments involve uncertainty because the calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment about the expected 
revenue and incremental costs we will generate for current inventory. Such estimates include the evaluation of historical recovery rates, as well as factors such 
as product type and condition, forecasted consumer demand, product lifecycles, promotional environment, vendor return rights and the expected sales channel of 
ultimate disposition. We also apply judgment in the assumptions about other components of net realizable value, such as vendor allowances and selling costs.
Effect if actual results differ from assumptions
A 10% change in our markdown adjustment as of January 28, 2023, would have affected net earnings by approximately $14 million in fiscal 2023. The level of 
markdown adjustments has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years.
Tax Contingencies
Description
Our income tax returns are routinely examined by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Taxing authorities audit our tax filing positions, including the timing and 
amount of income and deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. At any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the 
various taxing authorities. In evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we may record a liability for such exposures. A number of 
years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a liability, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. We adjust our liability for 
unrecognized tax benefits and income tax provisions in the period in which an uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the 
relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available. Our effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax 
law, the tax jurisdiction of new stores or business ventures, the level of earnings and the results of tax audits.
32
