Cash dividends declared and paid increased in fiscal 2023, primarily due to an increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend per share. On March 2, 2023, we 
announced the Board’s approval of a 5% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.92 per share.
Other Financial Measures
Our current ratio, calculated as current assets divided by current liabilities, remained unchanged at 1.0 as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022. Our debt 
to earnings ratio, calculated as total debt (including current portion) divided by net earnings increased to 0.8 as of January 28, 2023, compared to 0.5 at January 
29, 2022, primarily due to lower net earnings. 
Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations
We do not have outstanding off-balance-sheet arrangements. Contractual obligations as of January 28, 2023, were as follows ($ in millions):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payments Due by Period
Contractual Obligations
Total
 
Less Than 
1 Year
 
1-3 Years
 
3-5 Years
 
More Than 
5 Years
Purchase obligations(1)
$
 3,086  
 
$
 2,874  
 
$
 188  
 
$
 24  
 
$
 - 
Operating lease obligations(2)(3)
 
 3,033  
 
 
 707  
 
 
 1,214  
 
 
 729  
 
 
 383  
Long-term debt obligations(4)
 
 1,150  
 
 
 - 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 1,150  
Interest payments(5)
 
 241  
 
 
 47  
 
 
 76  
 
 
 69  
 
 
 49  
Finance lease obligations(2)
 
 46  
 
 
 16  
 
 
 22  
 
 
 4  
 
 
 4  
Total
$
 7,556  
 
$
 3,644  
 
$
 1,500  
 
$
 826  
 
$
 1,586  
For additional information regarding the nature of contractual obligations discussed below, refer to Note 6, Derivative Instruments; Note 7, Leases; Note 8, Debt; and Note 13, Contingencies and 
Commitments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(1)
Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; 
fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations do not include agreements that are cancelable without penalty. Additionally, although they 
do not contain legally binding purchase commitments, we included open purchase orders in the table above. Substantially all open purchase orders are fulfilled within 30 days.
(2)
Lease obligations exclude $63 million of legally binding fixed costs for leases signed but not yet commenced.
(3)
Operating lease obligations exclude payments to landlords covering real estate taxes and common area maintenance. These charges, if included, would increase total operating lease obligations by 
$0.7 billion as of January 28, 2023.
(4)
Represents principal amounts only and excludes interest rate swap valuation adjustments related to our long-term debt obligations.
(5)
Interest payments related to our 2028 Notes and 2030 Notes include the variable interest rate payments included in our interest rate swaps.
Additionally, we have $1.25 billion in undrawn capacity on our Five-Year Facility Agreement as of January 28, 2023, which, if drawn upon, would be included in 
either short-term or long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, 
current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. Because future events and their effects 
cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.
Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have not made any material changes to our 
accounting policies or methodologies during the past three fiscal years. We believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully 
understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These estimates require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments and generally 
incorporate significant uncertainty.
Vendor Allowances
Description
We receive funds from our merchandise vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements, primarily in the form of purchases-based or sales-based 
volumes and for product advertising and placement. We recognize allowances based on purchases and sales as a reduction of cost of sales when the associated 
inventory is sold. Allowances for advertising and placement are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales ratably over the corresponding performance period. 
Funds that are determined to be a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to sell a vendor's products are recorded as an offset to 
the related expense within SG&A when incurred.
Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate
Due to the quantity and diverse nature of our vendor agreements, estimates are made to determine the amount of funding to be recognized in earnings or 
deferred as an offset to inventory. These estimates require a detailed analysis of complex factors, including (1) proper classification of the type of funding 
received; and (2) the methodology to estimate the portion of purchases-based funding that should be recognized in cost of sales in each period, which considers 
factors such as inventory turn by product category and actual sell-through of inventory.
31
