Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate
Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate the 
exposures associated with our various tax filing positions. Such assumptions can include complex and uncertain external factors, such as changes in tax law, 
interpretations of tax law and the timing of such changes, and uncertain internal factors such as taxable earnings by jurisdiction, the magnitude and timing of 
certain transactions and capital spending.
Effect if actual results differ from assumptions
Although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains 
that could be material. To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established 
liability, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use 
of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement may reduce our effective income 
tax rate in the period of resolution. See Note 11, Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Service Revenue
Description
We sell membership plans that include access to benefits such as technical support, delivery and installation, price discounts on certain products and services, 
product protection plans and anti-virus software. We allocate the transaction price to all performance obligations identified in the contract based on their relative 
fair value. For performance obligations provided over the term of the contract, we typically recognize revenue on a usage basis, an input method of measuring 
progress over the related contract term. This method involves the estimation of expected usage patterns, primarily derived from historical information.
Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate
There is judgment in (1) measuring the relative standalone selling price for bundled performance obligations; and (2) assessing the appropriate recognition and 
methodology for each performance obligation, and for those based on usage, estimating the expected pattern of consumption across a large portfolio of 
customers. When insufficient reliable and relevant history is available to estimate usage, we generally recognize revenue ratably over the life of the contract until 
such history has accumulated.
Effect if actual results differ from assumptions
A 10% change in the amount of services membership deferred revenue as of January 28, 2023, would have affected net earnings by approximately $40 million in 
fiscal 2023. The amount of services membership deferred revenue has increased over the last three fiscal years, primarily driven by the national launch of our 
Best Buy Totaltech membership offering, which resulted in higher membership sales and the initial deferral of more revenue than under the previous Total Tech 
Support offer. 
New Accounting Pronouncements
We do not expect any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a material effect on our financial statements.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
In addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to certain market risks.
Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to changes in short-term market interest rates and these changes in rates will impact our net interest expense. Our cash, cash equivalents and 
restricted cash generate interest income that will vary based on changes in short-term interest rates. In addition, we have swapped a portion of our fixed-rate 
debt to floating rate such that the interest expense on this debt will vary with short-term interest rates. Refer to Note 6, Derivative Instruments, and Note 8, Debt, 
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
further information regarding our interest rate swaps.
As of January 28, 2023, we had $2.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and $500 million of debt that has been swapped to floating rate, and 
therefore the net balance exposed to interest rate changes was $1.8 billion. As of January 28, 2023, a 50-basis point increase in short-term interest rates would 
have led to an estimated $9 million reduction in net interest expense, and conversely a 50-basis point decrease in short-term interest rates would have led to an 
estimated $9 million increase in net interest expense.
33
