PART I
Item 1. Business.
Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us” and “our” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Best Buy Co., Inc. and, as applicable, its 
consolidated subsidiaries. Any references to our website addresses do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites.
Description of Business
We were incorporated in the state of Minnesota in 1966. We are driven by our purpose to enrich lives through technology and our vision to personalize and 
humanize technology solutions for every stage of life. We accomplish this by leveraging our combination of technology and a human touch to meet our 
customers’ everyday needs, whether they come to us online, visit our stores or invite us into their homes. We have operations in the U.S. and Canada.
Segments and Geographic Areas
We have two reportable segments: Domestic and International. The Domestic segment is comprised of our operations in all states, districts and territories of the 
U.S. and our Best Buy Health business, and includes the brand names Best Buy, Best Buy Ads, Best Buy Business, Best Buy Health, CST, Current Health, Geek 
Squad, Lively, Magnolia, Pacific Kitchen and Home, TechLiquidators and Yardbird and the domain names bestbuy.com, currenthealth.com, lively.com, 
techliquidators.com and yardbird.com. All of our former stores in Mexico were closed as of the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2022, and our International 
segment is comprised of all operations in Canada under the brand names Best Buy, Best Buy Mobile and Geek Squad and the domain name bestbuy.ca.
In fiscal 2022, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Current Health Ltd. (“Current Health”) and Two Peaks, LLC d/b/a Yardbird Furniture (“Yardbird”).
Operations
Our Domestic and International segments are managed by leadership teams responsible for all areas of the business. Both segments operate an omnichannel 
platform that allows customers to come to us online, visit our stores or invite us into their homes.
Development of merchandise and service offerings, pricing and promotions, procurement and supply chain, online and mobile application operations, marketing 
and advertising and labor deployment across all channels are centrally managed. In addition, support capabilities (for example, human resources, finance, 
information technology and real estate management) operate from our corporate headquarters. We also have field operations that support retail, services and in-
home teams from our corporate headquarters and regional locations. Our retail stores have procedures for inventory management, asset protection, transaction 
processing, customer relations, store administration, product sales and services, staff training and merchandise display that are largely standardized. All stores 
generally operate under standard procedures with a degree of flexibility for store management to address certain local market characteristics. While day-to-day 
operations of our stores are led by store management, more strategic decisions regarding, for example, store locations, format, category assortment and 
fulfillment strategy are addressed at a market or regional level.
Our Best Buy Health business has a dedicated leadership team and operations team. The Best Buy Health leadership team manages the day-to-day affairs of all 
aspects of its business, while receiving support from certain Best Buy enterprise capabilities.
Merchandise and Services
Our Domestic and International segments have offerings in six revenue categories. The key components of each revenue category are as follows:

Computing and Mobile Phones - computing (including desktops, notebooks and peripherals), mobile phones (including related mobile network carrier 
commissions), networking, tablets (including e-readers) and wearables (including smartwatches);

Consumer Electronics - digital imaging, health and fitness products, home theater, portable audio (including headphones and portable speakers) and 
smart home;

Appliances - large appliances (including dishwashers, laundry, ovens and refrigerators) and small appliances (including blenders, coffee makers and 
vacuums);

Entertainment - drones, gaming (including hardware, peripherals and software), movies, music, toys, virtual reality and other software;

Services - consultation, delivery, design, health-related services, installation, memberships, repair, set-up, technical support and warranty-related 
services; and

Other - other product offerings, including baby, food and beverage, luggage, outdoor living and sporting goods.
4
