REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
Best Buy Co., Inc.
Richfield, Minnesota.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Best Buy Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 
2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in shareholders’ equity for each of the three years in the 
period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, 
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows 
for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal 
control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee 
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal 
control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial 
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to 
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such 
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating 
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to 
be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially 
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, 
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts 
or disclosures to which they relate.
Vendor Allowances — Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company receives vendor allowances from certain merchandise vendors through a variety of programs intended to offset the invoice cost of inventory and 
for promoting and selling merchandise inventory. Allowances based on purchases are initially deferred and recorded as a reduction of merchandise inventory and 
are recognized as a reduction to cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. Allowances based on sales volumes are based on merchandise sold and 
are calculated using an agreed upon amount for each unit sold and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. Other 
promotional allowances not specifically related to volume of purchases or sales, such as advertising and placement, are recognized as a reduction to cost of 
sales ratably over the corresponding performance period. Funds that are determined to be a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs 
incurred to sell a vendor’s products are recorded as an offset to the related expense when incurred. 
Given the significance of vendor allowances to the financial statements and volume and diversity of the individual vendor agreements, auditing vendor 
allowances was complex and subjective due to the extent of effort required to evaluate whether the vendor allowances were recorded in accordance with the 
terms of the vendor agreements and that the allowances deferred as an offset to inventory were complete and accurate.
36
