Economic, regulatory and other developments could adversely affect our ability to offer attractive promotional financing to our customers and 
adversely affect the profits we generate from these programs.
We offer promotional financing and credit cards issued by third-party banks that manage and directly extend credit to our customers. Customers choosing 
promotional financing can receive extended payment terms and low- or no-interest financing on qualifying purchases. We believe our financing programs 
generate incremental revenue from customers who prefer the financing terms to other available forms of payment or otherwise need access to financing in order 
to make purchases. Approximately 25% of our fiscal 2023 revenue was transacted using one of the company’s branded cards. In addition, we earn profit-share 
income and share in any losses from certain of our banking partners based on the performance of the programs. The income or loss we earn in this regard is 
subject to numerous factors, including the volume and value of transactions, the terms of promotional financing offers, bad debt rates, interest rates, the 
regulatory and competitive environment and expenses of operating the program. Adverse changes to any of these factors could impair our ability to offer these 
programs to customers and reduce customer purchases and our ability to earn income from sharing in the profits of the programs.
Constraints in the capital markets or our vendor credit terms may have a material adverse impact on our liquidity.
We need sufficient sources of liquidity to fund our working capital requirements, service our outstanding indebtedness and finance business opportunities. 
Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations or we may not be able to pursue business opportunities. The principal sources of our 
liquidity are funds generated from operating activities, available cash and liquid investments, credit facilities, other debt arrangements and trade payables. Our 
liquidity could be materially adversely impacted if our vendors reduce payment terms and/or impose tighter credit limits. If our sources of liquidity do not satisfy 
our requirements, we may need to seek additional financing. We typically hold material balances of cash, cash equivalents and/or short-term investments and are 
therefore reliant on banks and other financial institutions to safeguard and allow ready access to these assets. Our future liquidity will depend on a variety of 
factors, such as economic and market conditions, the regulatory environment for and financial stability of banks and other financial institutions, the availability of 
credit, our credit ratings and our reputation with potential lenders. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our costs of borrowing and our ability to 
pursue business opportunities and threaten our ability to meet our obligations as they become due.
Changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to capital and materially increase our borrowing costs.
Any future downgrades to our credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact the perception of our credit risk and thus our access to capital markets, 
borrowing costs, vendor terms and lease terms. Our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own 
sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. Rating agencies may change the ratings assigned to 
us due to developments that are beyond our control, including the introduction of new rating practices and methodologies.
Failure to meet any financial performance guidance or other forward-looking statements we may provide to the public could result in a decline in our 
stock price.
We may provide public guidance on our expected financial results or other forward-looking information for future periods. When we provide guidance, we believe 
that this guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of management’s expectations for the future and is useful to our existing and 
potential shareholders, but such guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our 
other public filings and public statements. Our actual results may not be in line with guidance we have provided. We may not be able to accurately forecast our 
growth rate and profit margins. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant portion of our expenses and investments are 
fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. Our revenue growth may not be sustainable and our 
percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depend on the continued growth of demand for the products and services 
offered by us, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. If our financial results for a particular period do not meet any 
guidance we provide or the expectations of market participants, or if we reduce any guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may 
decline.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
Not applicable.
18
