External Risks 
Macroeconomic pressures, including, but not limited to, the current geopolitical climate, may adversely affect consumer spending and our financial 
results.
To varying degrees, our products and services are sensitive to changes in macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer spending. As a result, consumers 
may be affected in many different ways, including, for example:
• 
whether or not they make a purchase;
• 
their choice of brand, model or price-point;
• 
how frequently they upgrade or replace their devices; and
• 
their appetite for complementary services (for example, Best Buy Totaltech).
Real GDP growth, inflation (including wage inflation), consumer confidence, the COVID-19 pandemic, employment levels, oil prices, interest, tax and foreign 
currency exchange rates, availability of consumer financing, housing market conditions, limitations on a government’s ability to borrow and/or spend capital, costs 
for items such as fuel and food, any recession (and resulting corresponding declines in consumer sentiment) in response at least in part to central banks’ actions 
to reduce inflation, bank failures or limited liquidity in accessing bank deposits, and other macroeconomic trends can adversely affect consumer demand for the 
products and services that we offer. In addition to general levels of inflation, we are also subject to risks of specific inflationary pressures on product prices due 
to, for example, high consumer demand, component shortages and supply chain disruption. We may be unable to increase our prices sufficiently to offset these 
pressures.
Geopolitical issues around the world and how our markets are positioned can also impact macroeconomic conditions and could have a material adverse impact 
on our financial results. For example, the conflict in Ukraine may continue to significantly impact fuel prices, inflation, the global supply chain and other 
macroeconomic conditions, which may further adversely affect global economic growth, consumer confidence and demand for our products and services. Russia 
is a significant global producer of both fuel and raw materials used in certain of the products we sell, including nickel, aluminum and copper. Disruptions in the 
markets for those inputs or other inputs produced by Russia, whether due to sanctions, market pressure not to purchase inputs from Russia or otherwise, could 
increase overall material costs for many of the products we sell. We cannot predict the extent or duration of sanctions in response to the conflict in Ukraine, nor 
can we predict the effects of legislative or other governmental actions or regulatory scrutiny of Russia, its allies or other countries with which Russia has 
significant trade or financial ties, including China. The conflict in Ukraine has exacerbated geopolitical tensions globally. Further deterioration of relations between 
Taiwan and China, the resulting actions taken, the response of the international community and other factors affecting trade with China or political or economic 
conditions in Taiwan could disrupt the manufacturing of products or hardware components in the region, such as semiconductors and television panels sourced 
from Taiwan or the broader array of products sourced from China. One or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our supply chain, the cost 
of our products or our revenues and financial results.
Catastrophic events, including global pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our operating results.
The risk or actual occurrence of various catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Such events may consist of, or be 
caused by, for example:
• 
natural disasters or extreme weather events, including those related to climate change;
• 
diseases or pandemics (including COVID-19) that have affected and may continue to affect our employees, customers or partners;
• 
earthquakes, floods, fires or other catastrophes affecting our properties, employees or customers;
• 
power loss, telecommunications failures, or software or hardware malfunctions; or
• 
terrorism, civil unrest, mass violence or violent acts, or other conflicts.
In recent years, we have observed an increase in the number and severity of certain catastrophic events in many of our markets. Such events can adversely 
affect our workforce and prevent employees and customers from reaching our stores and properties. They can also disrupt or disable portions of our supply 
chain, distribution network and third-party business operations that may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for business operations at the 
quantities and levels we require. Finally, such events can also affect our information technology systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our 
operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. The adverse effects of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if 
experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event, such as the COVID-19 pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic in particular has had and may continue to subject our business, operations and financial condition to a number of risks. These risks 
have included or may in the future continue to include: (i) significant reductions in customer visits to, and spending at, our stores; (ii) significant disruptions to our 
supply chain; (iii) fluctuating consumer spending, particularly in light of the provision of government stimulus funds; (iv) novel changes to our operations, such as 
the roll-out of contactless, curbside pick-up for our goods, (v) the implementation of safety standards by various state and federal agencies; (vi) risks related to 
the shift in channels in which customers choose to engage us, such as by switching to online shopping, which may affect our profitability; and (vii) our ability to 
finance our operations. The emergence of new and more transmissible, more virulent, and/or immune-evading SARS-COV-2 variants could exacerbate these 
risks.
9
