Our reliance on key vendors and mobile network carriers subjects us to various risks and uncertainties which could affect our revenue and 
profitability.
We source the products we sell from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. In fiscal 2023, our 20 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 
79% of the merchandise we purchased, with five suppliers – Apple, Samsung, HP, LG and Sony - representing approximately 57% of total merchandise 
purchased. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our vendors that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. Our 
profitability depends on securing acceptable terms with our vendors for, among other things, the price of merchandise we purchase from them, funding for 
various forms of promotional programs, payment terms, allocations of merchandise, development of compelling assortments of products, operation of vendor-
focused shopping experiences within our stores and terms covering returns and factory warranties. While we believe we offer capabilities that these vendors 
value and depend upon to varying degrees, our vendors may be able to leverage their competitive advantages  for example, their financial strength, the 
strength of their brands with customers, their own stores or online channels or their relationships with other retailers  to our commercial disadvantage. The 
potential adverse impact of these factors can be amplified by price transparency (which can limit our flexibility to modify selling prices) and a highly competitive 
retail environment. Generally, our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our vendors is more difficult with vendors where our purchases represent a smaller 
proportion of their total revenues and/or when there is less competition for those products. In addition, vendors may decide to limit or cease allowing us to offer 
certain categories, focus their marketing efforts on alternative channels or make unfavorable changes to our financial or other terms.
We are also dependent on a relatively small number of mobile carriers to allow us to offer mobile devices with carrier connections. The competitive strategies 
utilized by mobile network carriers can have a material impact on our business, especially with ongoing consolidation in the mobile industry. For example, if 
carriers change the structure of contracts, upgrade terms, qualification requirements, monthly fee plans, cancellation fees or service levels, the volume of 
upgrades and new contracts we sign with customers may be reduced, adversely affecting our revenue and profitability. In addition, our carriers may also serve 
customers through their own stores, websites, mobile applications and call centers or through other competing retail channels.
Demand for the products and services we sell could decline if we fail to maintain positive brand perception and recognition through a focus on 
consumer experience.
We operate a portfolio of brands with a commitment to customer service and innovation. We believe that recognition and the reputation of our company and our 
brands are key to our success. Operational factors, such as failure to deliver high quality services, uncompetitive pricing, failure to meet delivery promises or 
business interruptions, could damage our reputation. External factors, such as negative public remarks or accusations, could also be damaging. Third parties 
may commit fraud while using our brand without our permission, possibly harming brand perception or reputation. The ubiquity of social media means that 
customer feedback and other information about our company are shared with a broad audience in a manner that is easily accessible and rapidly disseminated. 
Damage to the perception or reputation of our brands could result in, among other things, declines in revenues and customer loyalty, decreases in gift card and 
service plan sales, lower employee retention and productivity and vendor relationship issues, all of which could materially adversely affect our revenue and 
profitability.
Failure to effectively manage strategic ventures, alliances or acquisitions could have a negative impact on our business.
We may decide to enter into new joint ventures, partnerships, alliances or acquisitions with third parties (collectively, “new ventures”). Assessing the viability of 
new ventures is typically subject to significant uncertainty, and the success of such new ventures can be adversely affected by many factors, including, for 
example:
• 
different and incremental business and other risks of the new venture not identified in our diligence assessments;
• 
failure to attract, motivate and retain key employees of the new venture;
• 
uncertainty of forecasting financial performance;
• 
failure to integrate aspects of the new venture into our existing business, such as new product or service offerings or information technology systems;
• 
failure to maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting;
• 
failure to generate expected synergies, such as cost reductions;
• 
unforeseen changes in the business environment of the new venture;
• 
disputes or strategic differences with key employees or other third-party participants in the new venture; and
• 
adverse impacts on relationships with vendors and other key partners of our existing business or the new venture.
 
If new ventures are unsuccessful, our liquidity and profitability could be materially adversely affected, and we may be required to recognize material impairments 
to goodwill and other assets acquired. New ventures may also divert our financial resources and management’s attention from other important areas of our 
business.
12
