Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements 
with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our 
future results. Unless otherwise noted, transactions and other factors significantly impacting our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are 
discussed in order of magnitude. Our MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in 
Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer to Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2022, for discussion of the results of operations for the year ended 
January 29, 2022, compared to the year ended January 30, 2021, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Overview
We are driven by our purpose to enrich lives through technology and our vision to personalize and humanize technology solutions for every stage of life. We 
accomplish this by leveraging our combination of technology and a human touch to meet our customers’ everyday needs, whether they come to us online, visit 
our stores or invite us into their homes. We have operations in the U.S. and Canada.
We have two reportable segments: Domestic and International. The Domestic segment is comprised of our operations in all states, districts and territories of the 
U.S. and our Best Buy Health business, and includes the brand names Best Buy, Best Buy Ads, Best Buy Business, Best Buy Health, CST, Current Health, Geek 
Squad, Lively, Magnolia, Pacific Kitchen and Home, TechLiquidators and Yardbird and the domain names bestbuy.com, currenthealth.com, lively.com, 
techliquidators.com and yardbird.com. The International segment is comprised of all operations in Canada under the brand names Best Buy, Best Buy Mobile 
and Geek Squad and the domain name bestbuy.ca.
Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest the end of January. Fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 included 52 weeks. Our business, like that of many 
retailers, is seasonal. A large proportion of our revenue and earnings is generated in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping 
season.
Comparable Sales
Throughout this MD&A, we refer to comparable sales. Comparable sales is a metric used by management to evaluate the performance of our existing stores, 
websites and call centers by measuring the change in net sales for a particular period over the comparable prior-period of equivalent length. Comparable sales 
includes revenue from stores, websites and call centers operating for at least 14 full months. Revenue from online sales is included in comparable sales and 
represents sales initiated on a website or app, regardless of whether customers choose to pick up product in store, curbside, at an alternative pick-up location or 
take delivery direct to their homes. Revenue from acquisitions is included in comparable sales beginning with the first full quarter following the first anniversary of 
the date of the acquisition. Comparable sales also includes credit card revenue, gift card breakage, commercial sales and sales of merchandise to wholesalers 
and dealers, as applicable. Revenue from stores closed more than 14 days, including but not limited to relocated, remodeled, expanded and downsized stores, or 
stores impacted by natural disasters, is excluded from comparable sales until at least 14 full months after reopening. Comparable sales excludes the impact of 
revenue from discontinued operations, the impact of profit-share revenue from our services plan portfolio and the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency 
exchange rates (applicable to our International segment only). All periods presented apply this methodology consistently.
On November 2, 2021, we acquired all outstanding shares of Current Health Ltd. (“Current Health”). On November 4, 2021, we acquired all outstanding shares of 
Two Peaks, LLC d/b/a Yardbird Furniture (“Yardbird”). Consistent with our comparable sales policy, the results of Current Health and Yardbird are excluded from 
our comparable sales calculation until the first quarter of fiscal 2024.
We believe comparable sales is a meaningful supplemental metric for investors to evaluate revenue performance resulting from growth in existing stores, 
websites and call centers versus the portion resulting from opening new stores or closing existing stores. The method of calculating comparable sales varies 
across the retail industry. As a result, our method of calculating comparable sales may not be the same as other retailers’ methods.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This MD&A includes financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”), as well as certain adjusted 
or non-GAAP financial measures, such as constant currency, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP effective tax rate and non-GAAP diluted earnings per 
share (“EPS”). We believe that non-GAAP financial measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, provide additional useful information 
for evaluating current period performance and assessing future performance. For these reasons, internal management reporting, including budgets, forecasts 
and financial targets used for short-term incentives are based on non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, our non-GAAP financial measures include 
adjustments for items such as restructuring charges, goodwill and intangible asset impairments, price-fixing settlements, gains and losses on certain investments, 
intangible asset amortization, certain acquisition-related costs and the tax effect of all such items. In addition, certain other items may be excluded from non-
GAAP financial measures when we believe doing so provides greater clarity to management and our investors. We provide reconciliations of the most 
comparable financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP to presented non-GAAP financial measures that enable investors to understand the 
adjustments made in arriving at the non-GAAP financial measures and to evaluate performance using the same metrics as management. These non-GAAP 
financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not superior to or as a substitute for, GAAP financial measures. We strongly encourage investors and 
shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Non-GAAP financial 
measures may be calculated differently from similarly titled measures used by other companies, thereby limiting their usefulness for comparative purposes.
23
