Our information technology systems and those of our partners are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications 
failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyber-attacks and other malicious 
actions, including ransomware and phishing attacks), catastrophic events (such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes) and usage errors by our 
employees. While we have adopted, and continue to enhance, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such 
plans and strategies will be effective, which could interrupt the functionality of our information technology systems or those of third parties. The failure or 
interruption of these information systems, data centers, cloud platforms or their backup systems could significantly disrupt our business and cause higher costs 
and lost revenues and could threaten our ability to remain in operation.
As we continue to migrate more systems to the cloud, we may face additional risks that may compromise our security or disrupt our business capabilities, 
including ensuring the proper configuration, the unknowns of operating more workloads in the cloud, securing systems in the cloud and the types of cloud-based 
services we leverage.
We face a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents and are more dependent on internet and telecommunications access 
and capabilities.
We utilize complex information technology platforms to operate our websites and mobile applications. If we fail to secure these systems against attacks or fail to 
effectively upgrade and maintain our hardware, software, network and system infrastructure and improve the efficiency and resiliency of our systems, it could 
cause system interruptions and delays. Disruptions to these services, such as those caused by unforeseen traffic levels, malicious attacks by governments, 
criminals or other non-state actors, other technical difficulties or events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures or 
loss of critical data, could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders for products or services, which could cause us to forgo material revenues and 
incur material costs, and could adversely affect our reputation.
Further, as our online interactions and sales have increased and have become critical to our growth, and as many employees now use hybrid or full-time remote-
working arrangements, the risk of any interruption of our information technology system capabilities is heightened, as well as the risk that customer demand 
exceeds the capacity of our online operations. Any such interruption or capacity constraint could result in a deterioration of our ability to process online sales, 
provide customer service or perform other necessary business functions. 
Failure to prevent or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy or security of our customer, employee, vendor or company information could 
expose us to substantial costs and reputational damage, as well as litigation and enforcement actions.
Our business involves the collection, use and storage of personal information, including payment card information and protected health information, as well as 
confidential information regarding our employees, vendors and other company information. We also share personal and confidential information with suppliers 
and other third parties, as well as use third-party technology and systems which process and transmit information for a variety of activities. We have been the 
target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats, and we may be subject to breaches of our information technology systems. While we engage in 
significant data-protection efforts, criminal activity, such as cyber-attacks, lapses in our controls or the intentional or negligent actions of employees, business 
associates or third parties, may undermine our privacy and security measures, and, as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our data systems and 
misappropriate employee, customer and other confidential data, or authorized parties may use or share personal information in an inappropriate manner or 
otherwise seek to extract financial gain based on access to or possession of company, employee or customer information. Furthermore, because the methods 
used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and may not be immediately detected, and given the potentially disruptive nature of emerging 
technologies, we may be unable to anticipate such attacks or promptly and effectively respond to them. Any compromise of our customer information or other 
confidential information could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or our relationships with our customers and partners, which may in turn have a 
negative impact on our revenue and may expose us to material costs, penalties and claims.
Sensitive customer data may also be present on customer-owned devices entrusted to us for service and repair. Vulnerable code on products sold or serviced, 
including our exclusive brands, may also result in a compromise of customer privacy or security. Our efforts to protect against such compromises and ensure 
appropriate handling of customer data on devices we manufacture, sell and service may not be effective, resulting in potential liability and damage to our 
customer relationships.
Increasing costs associated with information security and privacy, such as increased investment in technology and qualified staff, costs of compliance, costs 
resulting from fraud or criminal activity and costs of cyber and privacy insurance, could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. 
Additionally, recently applicable and potential new or significantly revised state, provincial and federal laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do 
business are expanding our obligations to protect and honor the privacy and security of customer data, requiring additional resources and creating incremental 
risk arising from a potential breach or compliance failure. In addition, any compromise of our data security may materially increase the costs we incur to protect 
against such breaches and could subject us to additional legal risk.
Product safety and quality concerns could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
If the products we sell fail to meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding safety and quality, we could be exposed to increased 
legal risk and our reputation may be damaged. Failure to take appropriate actions in relation to product recalls could lead to breaches of laws and regulations and 
leave us susceptible to government enforcement actions or private litigation. Recalls of products, particularly when combined with lack of available alternatives or 
difficulty in sourcing sufficient volumes of replacement products, could also have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
15
