Our strategy to expand into health and new products, services and technologies brings new business, financial and regulatory risks.
As we introduce new products and services, we may have limited experience in these newer markets and regulatory environments and our customers may not 
like our new value propositions. These offerings may present new and difficult technology and regulatory challenges, and we may be subject to claims if 
customers of these offerings experience service disruptions, failures or other issues.
This expanded risk increases the complexity of our business and places significant responsibility on our management, employees, operations, systems, technical 
expertise, financial resources, and internal financial and regulatory control and reporting functions. In addition, new initiatives we test through trials and pilots may 
not scale or grow effectively or as we expected, which could limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. They may also involve significant laws or 
regulations that are beyond our current expertise.
With our focus on healthcare, new products and services may frequently require regulatory approvals for market introduction. The number and diversity of 
regulatory bodies add complexity and may negatively impact time to market and implementation costs. For example, the healthcare space in which we operate is 
highly regulated from a product safety and quality perspective, and its services and products, including parts or materials from suppliers, are subject to regulation 
by various government and regulatory agencies including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Non-compliance with conditions 
imposed by regulatory authorities could result in product recalls, a temporary ban on products, stoppages at production facilities, remediation costs, orders to 
stop providing services, fines or claims for damages. Product safety incidents or user concerns could trigger business reviews by the FDA or other regulatory 
agencies, which, if failed, could trigger these impacts.
In addition, the ongoing digitalization of Best Buy Health’s products and services, including our holding of personal health data and medical data, increases the 
importance of compliance with data privacy and similar laws. The services and systems used in certain instances subject us to privacy and information security 
requirements, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and could expose us to customer data privacy and information security risks, as 
well as business or system interruption risks. Given our acquisition of Current Health, a care-at-home technology platform, we also are subject to the UK’s 
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other regulatory frameworks. These and other related issues could have a material adverse impact on our 
financial results and reputation.
Our focus on services exposes us to certain risks that could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability, as well as our 
reputation.
We offer a full range of services that complement our product offerings, including consultation, delivery, design, installation, memberships, protection plans, 
repair, set-up, technical support, and health, safety and caregiving monitoring and support. Designing, marketing and executing these services is subject to 
incremental risks. These risks include, for example:
• 
pressure on services attachment as a result of the sustained increase in consumer desire to purchase product offerings online and through mobile 
applications;
• 
increased labor expense to fulfill our customer promises;
• 
increased pressure on margins from our Best Buy Totaltech membership offering, which includes incremental customer benefits, and associated costs, 
compared to our previous Total Tech Support offer, and the risk that increased volumes will not fully compensate for lower margins, or for loss of 
revenue and profit from revenue streams that are now included as benefits;
• 
pressure on traditional labor models to meet the evolving landscape of offerings and customer needs;
• 
use of third-party services that do not meet our standards or comply with applicable labor and independent contractor regulations, leading to potential 
reputational damage and liability risk;
• 
increased risk of errors or omissions in the fulfillment of services;
• 
unpredictable extended warranty failure rates and related expenses;
• 
employees in transit using company vehicles to visit customer locations and employees being present in customer homes, which may increase our 
scope of liability;
• 
the potential for increased scope of liability relating to managed services offerings;
• 
employees having access to customer devices, including the information held on those devices, which may increase our responsibility for the security of 
those devices and the privacy of the data they hold; 
• 
the engagement of third parties to assist with some aspects of construction and installation, and the potential responsibility for the actions they 
undertake;
• 
the risk that in-home services could be more adversely impacted by inclement weather, health and safety concerns, and catastrophic events; and
• 
increased risk of non-compliance with new laws and regulations applicable to these services.
11
