
mental health, including our commitment to raise awareness about mental health, equipping employees with training to notice issues in themselves or 
others, and then find help; and

tuition assistance, including the expansion of our partnership schools giving eligible employees the opportunity to earn a degree with no out-of-pocket 
costs.
The Compensation and Human Resources Committee of our Board oversees risks related to our human capital management through its regular review of our 
practices, policies and programs, which includes overall employee wellness and engagement in these areas, employee benefit plan compliance, leadership 
succession planning and wage, retention and hiring programs.
For more information on environmental and social matters, as well as human capital management, please see Best Buy’s Fiscal 2023 Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report, including a Task Force for Climate Related Financial Disclosures index, expected to be published in June 2023, at 
https://corporate.bestbuy.com/sustainability. This website and the report are not part of this annual report and are not incorporated by reference herein.
Available Information
We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and its rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires us to file reports, proxy statements 
and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We make available, free of charge on our website, our Annual Reports on 
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to 
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these documents with, or furnish them to, the SEC. 
These documents are posted on our website at https://investors.bestbuy.com. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information 
statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC at https://sec.gov.
We also make available, free of charge on our website, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Amended and Restated By-laws, the Corporate 
Governance Principles of our Board and our Code of Business Ethics adopted by our Board, as well as the charters of all of our Board's committees: Audit 
Committee; Compensation and Human Resources Committee; Finance and Investment Policy Committee; and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public 
Policy Committee. These documents are posted on our website at https://investors.bestbuy.com.
Copies of any of the above-referenced documents will also be made available, free of charge, upon written request to Best Buy Co., Inc. Investor Relations 
Department at 7601 Penn Avenue South, Richfield, MN 55423-3645.
Website and Social Media Disclosure
We disclose information to the public concerning Best Buy, Best Buy’s products, content and services and other items through our websites in order to achieve 
broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public. Some of the information distributed through this channel may be considered material information. 
Investors and others are encouraged to review the information we make public in the locations below.* This list may be updated from time to time.

For information concerning Best Buy and its products, content and services, please visit: https://bestbuy.com.

For information provided to the investment community, including news releases, events and presentations, and filings with the SEC, please visit: 
https://investors.bestbuy.com.

For the latest information from Best Buy, including press releases, please visit: https://corporate.bestbuy.com/archive/.
* These corporate websites, and the contents thereof, are not incorporated by reference into this Periodic Report on Form 10-K nor deemed filed with the SEC.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Described below are certain risks we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. The risks are categorized using the following headings: 
external, strategic, operational, regulatory and legal, and financial and market. Each of the following risk factors should be carefully considered in conjunction with 
other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or 
other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing and, 
consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results 
and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. The risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks 
we face. There may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf 
are qualified by the risks described below.
8
