Distribution
The ownership status and total square footage of space utilized for distribution at the end of fiscal 2023 were as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Square Footage (in thousands)
 
 
 
 
Leased Locations
 
Owned Locations
Domestic
 
 
 
 
 
 14,393  
 
 
 3,168  
International
 
 
 
 
 
 1,496  
 
 
 - 
Other Properties
We own our corporate headquarters buildings located in Richfield, Minnesota. We also lease additional domestic and international office space to support and 
carry out our business operations. 
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
For additional information regarding our legal proceedings, see Note 13, Contingencies and Commitments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
Information about our Executive Officers
(As of March 15, 2023)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name
 
Age
 
Position with the Company
 
Years with the Company
Corie S. Barry
 
47
 
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
23
 
Matt Bilunas
 
50
 
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
17
 
Jason Bonfig
 
46
 
Chief Merchandising Officer
 
 
24
 
Damien Harmon
 
44
 
Executive Vice President, Omnichannel
 
 
4
 
Todd G. Hartman
 
56
 
General Counsel and Chief Risk Officer
 
 
17
 
Kamy Scarlett
 
59
 
Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Best Buy Canada
 
 
9
 
Mathew R. Watson
 
52
 
Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
 
 
17
 
Corie S. Barry was appointed our Chief Executive Officer in 2019. Prior to her current role, she served as chief financial officer and chief strategic transformation 
officer responsible for overseeing all aspects of strategic transformation and growth, digital and technology, global finance, investor relations, enterprise risk and 
compliance, integration management and Best Buy Health. Ms. Barry joined Best Buy in 1999 and has held a variety of financial and operational roles within the 
organization, both in the field and at corporate. Her prior roles include: the company’s chief strategic growth officer and the interim leader of Best Buy’s services 
organization from 2015 until 2016; senior vice president of domestic finance from 2013 to 2015; vice president, chief financial officer and business development 
of our home business group from 2012 to 2013; and vice president, finance of the home customer solutions group from 2010 to 2012. Prior to Best Buy, Ms. 
Barry worked at Deloitte & Touche LLP. Ms. Barry serves on the board of directors for Domino’s Pizza Inc. and the board of trustees for the College of St. 
Benedict. She also serves on the executive committee for the Business Roundtable, Business Council, Retail Industry Leaders Association, and the Minnesota 
Business Partnership.
Matt Bilunas is our Chief Financial Officer, appointed in 2019. In this role, he is responsible for overseeing all aspects of global finance and strategic planning, as 
well as audit, procurement and financial services. Since joining Best Buy in 2006, Mr. Bilunas has served in a variety of financial leadership roles, both in the field 
and at corporate. He started as a territory finance director in Los Angeles and has worked in the company’s domestic and international businesses. Mr. Bilunas 
has been a key finance leader during Best Buy’s transformation. Prior to his current role, he was senior vice president of enterprise and merchandise finance 
since 2017; vice president, finance for category, e-commerce and marketing from 2015 to 2017; and vice president, category finance from 2014 until 2015. He 
also has held finance roles in retail, e-commerce and marketing. Before Best Buy, he worked at Carlson Inc., NRG Energy Inc., Bandag Inc. and KPMG. Mr. 
Bilunas serves on the boards of the Children’s Hospital of Minnesota and Genesco Inc., a retailer of branded footwear and accessories.
Jason Bonfig was appointed our Chief Merchandising Officer in 2019. In this role, he oversees all elements of merchandising and product category 
management for Best Buy’s core U.S. business, including demand planning, buying, pricing and promotional planning. He also leads the company’s Exclusive 
Brands private-label team. Mr. Bonfig has served in merchant roles for the company for over 20 years. Prior to his current role, Mr. Bonfig served in the positions 
of chief category officer – computing, mobile, gaming, health and wellness, accessories and exclusive brands from 2018 to 2019; senior vice president – 
computing, mobile, tablets, wearables, printing and accessories from 2014 to 2018. Mr. Bonfig also held merchant-related roles since joining the company in 
1999. He serves on the board of the Best Buy Foundation.
20
