Distribution
Customers within our Domestic and International segments who purchase product online have the choice to pick up product at a Best Buy store (including 
curbside pick-up for select products at most Domestic stores), at an alternative pick-up location or take delivery direct to their homes. Our ship-from-store 
capability allows us to improve product availability and delivery times for customers. Most merchandise is shipped directly from manufacturers to our distribution 
centers.
Suppliers and Inventory
Our Domestic and International segments purchase merchandise from a variety of suppliers. In fiscal 2023, our 20 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 
79% of the merchandise we purchased, with five suppliers – Apple, Samsung, HP, LG and Sony – representing approximately 57% of total merchandise 
purchased. We generally do not have long-term written contracts with our vendors that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise or that 
secure any of the key terms of our arrangements.
We carefully monitor and manage our inventory levels in an effort to match quantities on hand with consumer demand as closely as possible. Key elements to 
our inventory management process include the following: continuous monitoring of consumer demand, continuous monitoring and adjustment of inventory receipt 
levels and pricing, agreements with vendors relating to reimbursement for the cost of markdowns or sales incentives, and agreements with vendors relating to 
return privileges for certain products.
We also have a global sourcing operation to design, develop, test and contract-manufacture our exclusive brands products.
Store Development
We had 1,138 stores at the end of fiscal 2023 throughout our Domestic and International segments. Our stores are a vital component of our omnichannel 
strategy, and we believe they are an important competitive advantage. We also have vendor store-within-a-store concepts to allow closer vendor partnerships 
and a higher quality customer experience. We continuously look for opportunities to optimize our store space, renegotiate leases and selectively open or close 
locations to support our operations.
Refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for tables reconciling our Domestic and International 
segment stores open at the end of each of the last three fiscal years.
Intellectual Property
We own or have the right to use valuable intellectual property such as trademarks, service marks and trade names, including, but not limited to, Best Buy, Best 
Buy Ads, Best Buy Essentials, Best Buy Health, Best Buy Mobile, Best Buy Totaltech, CST, Current Health, Dynex, Geek Squad, Insignia, Jitterbug, Lively, 
Magnolia, Modal, My Best Buy, Pacific Kitchen and Home, Pacific Sales, Platinum, Rocketfish, TechLiquidators, Yardbird and our Yellow Tag logo.
We have secured domestic and international trademark and service mark registrations for many of our brands. We have also secured patents for many of our 
inventions. We believe our intellectual property has significant value and is an important factor in the marketing of our company, our stores, our products and our 
websites.
Seasonality
Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal. A large proportion of our revenue and earnings is generated in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the 
majority of the holiday shopping season.
Working Capital
We fund our business operations through a combination of available cash and cash equivalents and cash flows generated from operations. In addition, our 
revolving credit facilities are available for additional working capital needs, for general corporate purposes, investments and growth opportunities. Our working 
capital needs typically increase in the months leading up to the holiday shopping season as we purchase inventory in advance of expected sales.
Competition
Our competitors are primarily multi-channel retailers, e-commerce businesses, technology service providers, traditional store-based retailers, vendors and mobile 
network carriers who offer their products and services directly to customers. We believe our ability to help customers online, in our stores and in their homes, and 
to connect technology product and solutions with customer needs, provides us key competitive advantages. Some of our competitors have lower cost operating 
structures and seek to compete for sales primarily on price. We carefully monitor pricing offered by other retailers and service providers, as maintaining price 
competitiveness is one of our ongoing priorities. In addition, we have price-matching policies that allow customers to request that we match a price offered by 
certain retail stores and online operators. In order to allow this, we are focused on maintaining efficient operations and leveraging the economies of scale 
available to us through our global vendor partnerships. We believe our dedicated and knowledgeable people; our integrated online, retail and in-home assets; our 
broad and curated product assortment; our strong vendor partnerships; our service and support offerings designed to solve real customer needs; our unique 
ability to showcase technology in distinct store formats and our supply chain are important ways in which we maintain our competitive advantage.
5
