In our discussions of the operating results of our consolidated business and our International segment, we sometimes refer to the impact of changes in foreign 
currency exchange rates or the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which are references to the differences between the foreign currency 
exchange rates we use to convert the International segment’s operating results from local currencies into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. We also may use 
the term “constant currency,” which represents results adjusted to exclude foreign currency impacts. We calculate those impacts as the difference between the 
current period results translated using the current period currency exchange rates and using the comparable prior period currency exchange rates. We believe 
the disclosure of revenue changes in constant currency provides useful supplementary information to investors in light of significant fluctuations in currency rates.
Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for detailed reconciliations of items impacting non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP effective tax 
rate and non-GAAP diluted EPS in the presented periods.
Business Strategy Update
During fiscal 2023, our team delivered strong execution and relentless focus on customer service during what continues to be a challenging environment for our 
industry. Throughout the fiscal year, we remained committed to balancing our near-term response to current conditions and managing well what is in our control, 
while also advancing our strategic initiatives and investing in areas important for our long-term performance.
During the first year of the pandemic, we said we believed customer shopping behavior would be permanently changed in a way that is even more digital and 
puts customers entirely in control to shop how they want. And our strategy was to embrace that reality, and to lead not follow. 
In fiscal 2023, digital sales comprised 33% of our Domestic revenue compared to 19% in fiscal 2020. Sales via phone, chat and virtual have also remained 
significantly higher. Even with that shift, our stores remain a cornerstone of our differentiation. Not only was 67% of our Domestic revenue transacted in our 
stores, more than half of our identified customers engaged in cross-channel shopping experiences, and more than 40% of online sales were picked up in stores. 
Further, we play an important role for our vendors as the only national consumer electronics specialty retailer who can showcase their products and help 
commercialize their new technology. Therefore, we are focused on evolving our omnichannel retail strategy over time, including our portfolio of stores, operating 
model and digital tools, to provide customers with differentiated experiences and enhance our omnichannel fulfillment. 
We continue to advance our other strategic initiatives as well. We are building customer relationships through membership, including evolving our free My Best 
Buy program and our paid Best Buy Totaltech membership option. In Best Buy Health, we are essentially nurturing a startup within a large-scale organization and 
leveraging Best Buy’s core assets, including the Geek Squad, to grow, build and establish the Care at Home space, an emerging part of the healthcare industry. 
As we enter fiscal 2024, macroeconomic headwinds will likely result in continued pressure, and we are preparing for sales in the consumer electronics industry to 
decline again this year. In particular, our customers are facing economic challenges from the dual pressures of high inflation and the resulting interest rate 
increases, and it is difficult to predict how such factors will impact us in the near term. However, we expect several factors to drive the eventual return of industry 
growth over time, including the natural upgrade and replacement cycles for the technology bought earlier in the pandemic and continued vendor innovation. In 
addition, macro technology trends like cloud, augmented reality and expanded broadband access have the potential to drive new products and demand. While 
our product categories tend to experience slightly different timing nuances, in general, we believe they are poised for growth in the coming years. In addition, we 
are continuing our expansion into newer categories like wellness technology, personal electric transportation, outdoor living and electric car charging.
We remain excited about our industry and our future. There are more technology products than ever in people’s homes, technology is increasingly a necessity in 
our lives, and we believe we are uniquely there for our customers as they continue to navigate this innovative space. 
24
