Environmental and Social
As we pursue our purpose to enrich lives through technology, we are committed to having a positive impact on the world, the environment and the communities in 
which we operate through interactions with all of our stakeholders, including our customers, employees, vendor partners and shareholders.
The Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee of our Board of Directors (“Board”) advises and oversees management regarding the 
effectiveness and risks of our environmental, social and governance strategy, programs and initiatives, including environmental goals and progress, social 
responsibility programs, and initiatives and public policy positions and advocacy. 
Environmental
We aspire to drive forward the circular economy and we are committed to conserving natural resources, reducing waste in our operations, offering products that 
help our customers live more sustainably and transitioning to renewable energy sources. As of the end of fiscal 2023, we have invested in five solar fields, 
helping to accelerate the progress towards our carbon reduction goals. 
We intend to reduce the use of natural resources in our operations as demonstrated by the following goals, which we believe can be managed within our normal 
operating budget without significant incremental spending:

Reduce carbon emissions 75% by 2030 (over a 2009 baseline) and become carbon neutral by 2040. We continue to reduce our carbon emissions and 
plan to achieve this goal by investing in energy efficiency improvements, deploying small-scale onsite and utility-scale renewable energy systems, 
electrifying our fleet and neutralizing residual emissions.

Reduce water consumption 15% by 2025 (over a 2019 baseline). By monitoring our water consumption across our business, and identifying actions that 
lessen our dependence on water, we continue to reduce our water usage. 

Achieve zero-waste certification at additional distribution center locations. To continue reducing our impact on the environment, we are working toward 
building a more sustainable supply chain and expanding our Total Resource Use and Efficiency zero-waste certification efforts across our warehousing 
operations.
We aim to help our customers reduce their impact on the environment as well. Through the sale of ENERGY STAR® products, we expect to help our customers 
reduce carbon emissions 20% by 2030 (over a 2017 baseline), which we estimate will save our customers collectively at least $5 billion on utility bills.
We support the circular economy by keeping consumer products in use for as long as possible through our repair and trade-in services. Finally, we put materials 
back into the manufacturing process when products reach the end of their lives through our electronics and appliance recycling program. We have collected more 
than 2.7 billion pounds of electronics and appliances for recycling since 2009, including more than 183 million pounds in fiscal 2023. We remain committed to 
maintaining this program to collect even more in the years ahead.
 
Social 
Human Rights and Responsible Sourcing
We are committed to respecting and advancing human rights through our alignment with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
Further, across all the products and services we procure, we seek to enhance our partnership with suppliers and create value for all stakeholders through our 
Responsible Sourcing Program. We are active members of the Responsible Business Alliance, which allows us to partner with many of the brands we sell, 
including Apple, Intel, Microsoft and Samsung. Collectively, we embrace a common Supplier Code of Conduct and audit methodology that seeks to improve 
working and environmental conditions in the supply chain. 
Community Impact
The Best Buy Foundation is working to build brighter futures for teens from disinvested communities. The Best Buy Foundation currently supports a network of 52 
Best Buy Teen Tech Center® locations and has a goal of supporting 100 locations by 2025. Through the Best Buy Teen Tech Centers and a suite of supporting 
programs, teens are able to prepare for careers of the future through access to:

cutting-edge technology and related training;

post-secondary guidance for college prep and technical programs;

mentors who inspire new passions and possibilities;

social and emotional support, including mental health resources; and

paid internship and career exploration opportunities that put learning into practice.
6
