Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under 
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) 
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive 
officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have established a Disclosure 
Committee, consisting of certain members of management, to assist in this evaluation. Our Disclosure Committee meets on a quarterly basis and more often if 
necessary.
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as 
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act), as of January 28, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of January 28, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management’s report on our internal control over financial reporting is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K.
Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The attestation report of Deloitte & Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial 
reporting is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal fourth quarter ended January 28, 2023, that have materially affected, or are 
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information.
There was no information required to be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K that was not reported.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Regular Meeting 
of Shareholders (the “2023 Proxy Statement”), which is expected to be filed with the SEC on or before May 26, 2023.
Code of Ethics
We adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our directors and all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and our 
principal accounting officer. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website at https://investors.bestbuy.com. A copy of our Code of Ethics may also be obtained, 
free of charge, upon written request to Best Buy Co., Inc. Investor Relations Department at 7601 Penn Avenue South, Richfield, MN 55423-3645.
We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics that 
applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer by posting such information within two business days of any such 
amendment or waiver on our website at https://investors.bestbuy.com.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the 2023 Proxy Statement.
64
