14
15
BE AN 
ENTREPRENEUR
NUS Enterprise actively promotes entrepreneurship and cultivates global 
mindsets and talents through the synergies of experiential entrepreneurial 
education, active industry partnerships, holistic entrepreneurship support and 
catalytic entrepreneurship outreach. 
To find out more about the NUS entrepreneurial ecosystem, visit enterprise.nus.edu.sg.
BLOCK71
BLOCK71 is an initiative by NUS Enterprise
in collaborative and strategic partnerships 
with established corporates and 
government agencies. It forms part of 
a global network of innovation and 
entrepreneurial gateways to and from 
NUS, through providing programmes 
as a technology ecosystem builder 
and business connector with an 
objective to catalyse, aggregate and 
develop competencies of the start-up 
community. 
BLOCK71 Singapore, located at JTC 
Launchpad, houses a thriving community 
of entrepreneurs, investors, developers 
and mentors, and is home to hundreds of 
tech-related start-ups, venture capitalists 
and incubators.
BLOCK71 has expanded beyond 
Singapore to BLOCK71 San Francisco, 
BLOCK71 Jakarta, BLOCK71 Suzhou, 
BLOCK71 Bandung, BLOCK71 Yogyakarta 
and BLOCK71 Saigon (opening in 2nd 
quarter 2020). These locations enable a 
two-way flow of talent, technologies and 
start-ups between Singapore and other 
entrepreneurial hubs, while facilitating 
even greater information exchange, 
connectivity and access to programmes 
for start-ups and entrepreneurs. 
THE HANGAR BY NUS ENTERPRISE 
The Hangar by NUS Enterprise is the 
campus base where like-minded 
individuals gather to pursue their 
entrepreneurial curiosity and passion, 
as well as nurture business ideas and 
start-ups. Entrepreneurs can enjoy the 
use of a wide range of workspaces and 
benefit from other amenities and services 
like dedicated mentorship, idea validation 
and test-bedding capabilities while they 
focus on their entrepreneurial pursuits.  
NUS ENTERPRISE@SINGAPORE 
SCIENCE PARK
Strategically located next to the 
University, NUS Enterprise@Singapore 
Science Park leverages a ready pool of 
students, academics and researchers to 
create a deep technology community. 
It focuses on innovation in the nascent 
deep technology space, such as in the 
areas of food science and technology, 
artificial intelligence, future health and 
environmental solutions. 
COMMUNITY & EVENTS
From Innovfest Unbound to Kopi Chats, 
NUS Enterprise supports and engages 
the entrepreneur community with 
more than 400 events all year round. 
These events provide students and 
start-ups with opportunities to learn and 
network, and act as catalysts of growth 
for the community.
NUS OVERSEAS COLLEGES 
overseas.nus.edu.sg 
One of the University’s flagship 
programmes, the NUS Overseas Colleges 
programme is specially designed to 
help students with entrepreneurial 
drive gain start-up skills and experience. 
Students can intern at start-ups while 
studying part-time at prestigious overseas 
universities in leading entrepreneurial 
hotspots in Canada, China, Indonesia, 
Israel, Sweden, the United States and 
Vietnam, as well as Singapore. A new 
location in Japan will be launched in 
July 2020. 
NUS START-UP RUNWAY 
Students who are working on or hope 
to develop their own start-ups can turn 
to the NUS Start-Up Runway for 
support. It provides funding and 
validation support, market assessments, 
consultation and mentoring services, 
access to events and workshops amid 
a passionate start-up community. 
HERE are many avenues for a budding entrepreneur in NUS to get 
inspired, pick up the right skills and develop an entrepreneurial mindset. 
Launched in 2018, the Graduate Research Innovation 
Programme (GRIP) is the NUS Industry Liaison Office’s 
flagship innovation programme. GRIP provides 
step-by-step guidance to postgraduate students 
and researchers to transform research into deep 
technology start-ups. Under this programme, 
the University has committed S$25 million to 
co-create up to 250 companies over five years. 
To find out more about GRIP, visit nus.edu.sg/grip/
