42
43
STUDENT 
SERVICES 
HETHER you’re looking for career advice, information on
admissions and financial aid, student housing or urgent medical 
attention, help is always available. 
CENTRE FOR FUTURE-READY GRADUATES
The Centre for Future-ready Graduates (CFG) 
prepares students to thrive in a world of 
constant change, ensuring that they are ready 
for their future careers. CFG offers access to 
career-readiness programmes, career and 
internship opportunities, professional career 
advisory and valuable industry insights.
DISABILITY SUPPORT OFFICE
NUS strives to provide an inclusive and 
nurturing campus environment for students 
with disabilities and special education needs 
to achieve their fullest potential. Supportive 
services and resources are available to facilitate 
an enriching and meaningful student life. 
STUDENT SERVICE CENTRE 
The Student Service Centre is the convenient 
contact point for information on frontline 
services like academic and administrative 
matters, student bills as well as student 
housing applications.
STUDENT WELLNESS 
The Student Wellness unit promotes a 
culture of self-care and community care on 
campus through activities and programmes. 
You can unwind at PitStop@YIH or look up any 
of the Peer Student Supporters if you need a 
listening ear. This cosy haven also offers the 
latest assistive technologies to support 
students with special needs. 
UNIVERSITY HEALTH CENTRE
20 Lower Kent Ridge Road, Level 1
The University Health Centre has 
three divisions – Health Service, 
University Counselling Services, and 
Wellness Outreach – to tend to the 
community’s physical and mental 
well-being. 
VICTIM CARE UNIT
The Victim Care Unit provides 
a central point of contact for 
NUS students affected by sexual 
misconduct. Facilitated by trained 
professionals, it offers a private and 
safe place where students can seek 
support in confidence.
VISITORS CENTRE 
Stephen Riady Centre, Level 1 
The Office of Admissions is  
co-located with the Visitors Centre 
in the Stephen Riady Centre at 
University Town. Visitors and 
students – prospective and current 
– can find out more about NUS,
including admission matters,
undergraduates programmes,
scholarships and financial aid
schemes, and booking of campus
facilities.
YUSOF ISHAK HOUSE
PITSTOP@YIH
YUSOF ISHAK HOUSE  
The Yusof Ishak House (YIH) is a vibrant 
student hub, housing the NUS Students’ 
Union (NUSSU) and various societies. It 
is also a meeting place where students 
take a break, gather over meals, or study 
at the student lounge, training rooms 
or outdoor plaza. The Centre for Future-
ready Graduates, Student Service Centre 
and Student Support Services Unit are 
located at the YIH. 
